You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for kids, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can see myself as a farmer or a leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and characters.
And you know that an epiphany is generally something that was falling in some place.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epidemic.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Germand.
It's the kind of complicated circle which I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Star, Ohio where I was the weird of the class.
When they were beaten up every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life when she allowed me to enter the teacher's room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working on organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, half the night I received a phone call from that teacher, the lady Post Post said, "I need to see.
I'm absolutely disillusioned by adults we never get to know of.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man I know you've been found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to join you with this please."
Well, the next day we were in Claus.
We went to see it, we laughed in, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found her one place, we intervened it, and we take care of it, and we fall out of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew how to do.
And as well as the woman who wanted to meet me as an adult came to me, he became a chain box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had closed down, he had become a circle -- and that epidemic that I talked about was made himself present.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her of her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today to talk about this.
It also needs -- it needs dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our work to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I first went to Antarctica almost 10 years ago, and I saw my first teenagers.
I was amazing.
My heart rate, I was standing, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The texts around me would go around the water almost 60 feet away, and I couldn't even think that it was a glass glass on another sea couple year after year.
The texts are born when they get rid of the glaciers or they break ice bars out.
Each text has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some people are denied to get rid of it, and they open up to the end, while others can't afford it more and they fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a text, which are isolated separate and alone, in big measure as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a text melts, I'm breathing his ancestral atmosphere.
As a text releases a board free water in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these texts as if it was about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments there are such a way and will not exist to exist in that way again.
It's not death when you get delayed, it's not an end, but a continuation of your way through the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the texting that I photograph is very young -- it has a couple of thousands of years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last pictures I'd like to show you is a text I photographed in Keithon, Greenland.
It's a little bit often to actually get a role of a role of a role.
Here they are.
You can see the left a little boat.
It measures about five meters.
And I would like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and the flower line.
You can see here, it starts to roll around, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a telescope of Greenland.
Get out of water about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is in real time.
And so next, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of them is having a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about consciousness itself, you're not going to pay attention to me.
Think about that for a moment.
And on this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome.
And in the other case, the East chromosome of sperm joins the X chromosome.
They both learn and start life.
We'll go back to talk about them later.
In my own activity I tend to turn two roles into it.
In one of my roles I work with the history of anatomy.
I am a training historian and what I study in this case is the way people addressed anatomy -- to say, human bodies and animals -- how they have considered the body fluid, the idea of the body, what have thought about the body.
The other role that I play in my work is an activist, as a patient defense, or as I say sometimes, impact with people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with similar twins, two people within the same body.
I've worked with people with exhibition, much lower than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of adolescent sex -- individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit in the male and conventional female schemes, conventional female.
In general lines, we can call it intersection.
International admits many ways.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't get into the male and female forms of female.
For example, there is the case of the individual with X-ray chemical base, whose Sami Christian gene -- and it tells the prototypes, that we all have in the fetal life, that they become teachers.
And then, in the fetal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But given that this individual lack of testosterone, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the sensitivity syndrome to the advances.
So, there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body is developed following a typical female course.
When you born, the baby looks like a child.
It's a girl. It's raised as a girl.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing up and developing the breast, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
And then after making them tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and territory, it actually has testicles and a chromosome Y.
The important thing to understand is that you might think it's a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, have in the body something called superconductor global.
They're in the back of the body.
Supermarket glands produce adventures, the manufacturing hormone.
Most women like me -- I consider a typical woman -- don't know their cosmic structure, I think being a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to adventures.
We produce additions and respond to adventures.
As a result, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the aliens that the woman who was born with testimonys who have the sensitivity syndrome to the advances.
That's why sex is complicated -- it's not that the international ones are in the middle of the spectrum -- in some ways they can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old girl born and raised as you would go -- I had a counter, and sexual relationships with her, led a life as a guy and just discovered that I had ovaries and text.
He had an extreme form of a disease known as controlled superconductor hypertension.
I had the 20th chromosomes and the suicide glands were so active that, essentially, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were manifestated, their brain was exposed to the typical manual component typically.
I was born with a child as a child, no one suspect anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started to have medical problems caused by internal mentality, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was a woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intersection.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what's known as a beekeepers, that is to say, they have open tissue wrapped in teaching tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So there's a lot of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- they are winter, the signals are signal, or internal in interstate, they are subjected to regular surgery not to be able to get from a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason why you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is based normally in the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being women is to have female identity, supposedly black means to have African anatomy in historic terms.
A terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with category.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individual.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individuals.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children born as two people in a same body.
The most precious case is last year with the South Seattle corruption Carolina Search, and he was put on trial his sex on the International Games in Berlin.
A lot of journalists called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine whether Carl Sea is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no example.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't bring a smooth line between men and women or between men and women and women and women -- we are who we bring that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advanced science, more we have to admit that these categories -- we thought they were stable anatomic categories that are spread directly with stable identical categories -- are much more distributed than we thought.
And not only in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that is much more complicated than the terminology allows it.
As we see, we get into a rough terrain.
Let's see, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do about the fact that we can have a few nuclear nuclear?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simple categories that we have probably are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the realm of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body becomes human and has different rights to the feet.
There are very busy discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I know within medicine -- about the medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to show them with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if they were not moving yet.
If I stopped moving it up.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a result, we need to face the dilemma to really determine somebody's death, and this puts us in a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could make someone like me.
In politics I'm a progressive, defending people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To be able to make these categories much more unstable.
It takes from the point of view of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a adult fervent of the founding parents.
I know they were racist -- I know they were sexual, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find each so much watching that music as "17 and not for music, which is totally passive.
It's what happened in 1767 with the founding parents.
The founding parents went to me, the first activists in the anatomy and explain why.
What they rejected was an anatomical concept and replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and stayed for 200 years.
And as all of you remember, what they rejected our founding parents was the idea of the monarchy -- the monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that the political power came to the political power by the grass of blood and then the son, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They were living on the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy and not the anatomic difference. That was very radical.
And in part, they were doing it because they were part of an illustration system that were getting out of two things.
It was managing democracy and at the same time was born science.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the supernatural explanation, and they were going to reject the concept of supernatural power that was transmitted by a vague idea of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were transferring the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing that, they were feeling the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it that way, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeeded together.
Then he came to the success of the Civil Rights movement with people from Sunday Truel, who said, "Am I not a woman?
We found men on the rows of the Civil Rights movement, saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who appealed to anatomical coincidence about anatomical difference and, again, they succeeded.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, as we look at the conditions we have to start asking why we keep certain divides.
But attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example: I don't want to give you a fish the same rights to a human.
I don't mean that we had to tell ourselves to the anatomy of it.
I don't want to say that the five years was allowed to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anatomic divisions that for me make sense and I think we should keep it.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two conscious beings at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings, both concerts in the middle of 1997 exactly the same day.
Imagine one of them, Mary, was born three months before time -- June 1, 1980.
Henry was born in terms of it, born in March 1, 1980.
For the only fact that I had been born three months before Mary is attributed to all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We find other reasons in relation to their rights.
Henry -- in virtue of being considered man -- if I haven't told you if it's X-ray -- in virtue of being considered a man now is passive from mandatory transparency that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary for his part doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all the states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So they still pursue anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of anatomy that we get about to have to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could be driving up?
I don't want to give you the science, but at the same time I feel like science is expanding.
Where do we go?
It seems that what happens in our culture is kind of a pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to bring the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
So for example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man don't have to have chromosome and that to marry a woman you have to have chromosomes and you.
Now, in practice, they don't make a chemical tests.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you at the beginning of the sensitivity syndrome to the advances.
If we look at one of the founding fathers of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "I did drive a solution.
He says that we should judge people based not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their career: moving beyond anatomy.
And I mean, "Yes, the idea seems very good."
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on the content of your career?
I want to point out as well that I'm not sure that we should be based on this to guarantee rights to people, because I have to admit that I know from some of the retreats that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some labs that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature about their sexual relationships than people from 40 than I know.
So how do we practice the issue of the career content.
It turns out very hard.
And a part of me wonder what happens if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance in the future.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still guiding this string of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to take a sex change, in which case it is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context as a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that he had made a couple of years to give birth twins to then separate them and thus will get their fame up.
But when the phone asked her the reason for the operation -- it was a very risky operation, I said that in that other country, these kids would be very marined, and they had to do it.
And I said, "Well, has it considered political asylum instead of regulating secret?
The United States offers huge possibilities to people in order to be those who are without forcing us to change the state of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to conclude, I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to the mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical for a feminist and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomic tales, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intersection, I've also been interested in researching sexual difference.
And one of the things that I've been interested in is the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about translated studies is that women, in average, not all -- but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to act from those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
And years ago, when I was in the prosthetic, one of my advisers I knew I was interested in the feminist -- I was considered feminist -- as now -- made me a strange plant."
"Tell me what the feminist has feeling."
And I thought, "It's the most stupid question I've ever heard.
Feminism has to do with reducing gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in female."
But the more I've thought about his question, the more it seemed to me that there is something female in the female.
That is, there might be something on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more attention to complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So if parents were very reluctant to find a way to protect people in the state of the state, it is possible that, to have increased more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with recyclable support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy: thinking less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect Union, think about what we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where it wants to go to live and work, it has the possibility to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents at least.
Well, right now, we're far away from that goal.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count with a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is they're worth a lot more than their construction cost.
So we could easily give it to the world dozens of them, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace them by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of you who wanted to live in apartments were already openings, and at the other half I would still need to do it.
They could try to increase the ability to make excitement in all existing buildings.
But you know the problem you face is that those buildings and the areas that surround them have rules to avoid the molecules and the distribution management.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those excitement.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a completely new apartment building -- always and when the rules of that place facilitate construction instead of putting it out.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of reform enough to contain cities and gave them a name, cities.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, Jack and October were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 languages would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and make those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honduras.
In the next regular elections, Diet wolves is widely imposed with a platform in which it promises reforms and at the same time.
He asked October to be his head of grass.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a large amount of tests with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of the rules, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current residents of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of technologies as the rules to progress, and usually it's the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala, sent a link with the TEDTalk.
I showed it to Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's get this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a conference room.
I tried to explain to you this point about how valuable the cities, much more valuable than your money cost.
And I used this picture that shows the value of the land in a place like New York, look, land that in some cases, worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, "Park, maybe we could see the video of the TED Talk.
And the talk described in very simple terms that a city under the state is a place where you start with previously populated land, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and an option so that people can choose if they want to go or not live under those norms.
So the president of Hones called me and told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country to move forward.
He asked me to go to Technology and talk about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included a picture like this, which was trying to explain that to make a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denieval and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denish.
Only this airport covers over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the languages that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that means at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
All of the world applying correctly.
The public faces were very serious and attacks.
The Congress leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of the TED Talk.
I have this in my computer."
So I sat and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new options for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you might be able to be in Honor instead of hundreds of miles away from the north.
And it also includes new options for leaders.
Because the leaders of the London government need the help of passive countries, they could benefit from the countries that would help them establish and make the rules of the state, so that they could all trust the state that the status is effectively completely.
We went and saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily take a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, the 19 of January, they voted in Congress to understand their constitution and add a constitutional device that allowed to create these special development regions.
In a country that was just going through this painful crisis, the vote in Congress for this constitutional performance was 125 to one.
All the parties, all the factors in society, supported it.
To get in the Constitution, you have to take advantage twice in Congress.
The 17 of February was passed again in another vote, from 111 to one.
Immediately after the vote. From 21 to 24 of February, a development of about 30 languages was to the two places in the world that are more interested in participating in the building of cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new new city center that's being built in South Korea, it's bigger than the Boston center.
Everything you see there was built in four years after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in practice, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They are preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come, and at the same time it would allow us to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last instant court for this new judicial system.
There are urban urbanisms and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go to live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say you would like to change the other place.
There's a million a year that comes out of Latin America to go to the United States.
A lot of them are parents who have to leave their family to get a job -- sometimes they're single mothers who have to earn money for just eating or buying clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes even children who are trying to meet with their parents who have not seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what seems to be thinking about building a new city in Honos?
Or will you build a dozen of these, or do you get a hundred of these around the world?
What seems to be thinking about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my Dutch friends asked me to say, "Thank you TED.
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before I show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession.
I love to find out, dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog there landed, colorful and different ones for each time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes are a second hand of thumb markets and second hands.
Oh, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my guardian in the environment and in my pocket.
I get to know interesting people, usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buying it becomes my personal search for tests.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is my street?
I would like the color to do it?
cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel like I've won.
Going back to the theme of my valley, I want to tell you what I packaged for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what do you bring somebody who has all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought up.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
The inner clothes for exactly a week is everything I've put in my value.
I imagined that it would be able to find everything else that I would like to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman who walks by TED in inner clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
This is called a brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see good.
You can almost always see you phenomenal.
All together, including the jacket, cost me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've used in the week.
Long: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad mood, when you're watching a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars," the integration is survived.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
Just do yourself.
If you surround you from the right people, you're not just going to understand you, you'll also appreciate you.
Microsoft: Guard of the child you take inside.
Sometimes people tell me it seems to play the defects, or I remember their age of seven years.
I like to smile them and say, "Thank you."
Judes: trust is the key.
If you think you see good with something, it's almost safe that you are.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood their meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't look at you can't attract it.
So there's no excuse for anyone from this audience.
We must be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Viewer: A universal truth six words for you: The freedom lenses go with everything.
And finally, save -- developing a personal style and only is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came up with me this week for what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little valley.
So before I go home, Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to be extracted emotionally to these things, because on the corner of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit and colorful and brilliant waiting for me, if there's a little love in my heart and I look for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So if we would use a scale to measure the application of each hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who is completely legal.
This would be somebody who is totally intuitive.
So where do you get your brain on this scale?
Some of them would choose for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the members of this audience, their brain is something like this -- with a big store in both of these females at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, which just like most of the other experimental physicists, we need a lot of logic to connect these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We get to play with them, and then we see how they react -- and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
Certain intuition that you may have developed over the years is the one that says that one thing can be just in one place at a time.
I mean, it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you didn't born with this notion of it, you developed it.
I remember looking at a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and I didn't do it very well, it always fell.
But I bet that the play with that parking bar is taught a valuable lesson -- and it is that big things don't allow them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have from the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars -- they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called it the quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, the physics was found a few years ago -- you need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you didn't need to describe the big objects that surround us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, nobody ever saw a particles.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't all continue the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why it shouldn't be.
And therefore I would feel much better if I could somehow demonstrate that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanical supply.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green point right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit. It's just in the center.
And then here we make a good approach to the small metal trick.
So what we see is a little bit of metal piece, with a form of translation and that it opens on a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this serious chemical pillar of swimming that is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum supermarket, but for it it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in a elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in a elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to do those things, because I don't want them to bother them, or, really, show.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that supports it and the wind that happens next and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this little piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose all the other passwords.
And that's what we did.
We took the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extracted the entire air, and then we hired it to a temperature of a degree by the absolute zero.
Now, when you're only in the elevator -- the little piece of metal is free to act as you want.
So we measured their movements.
We found it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was violating. And the way I was looking at was like a breath in this form -- like a floor that expands and contract.
And when you give it a soft pump, we could make it server and don't see at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a little thing and doesn't look at the same time?
Think about atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that make that metal piece of metal are stopped and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain points when those are aligned.
Over time they're settled.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all the metal piece is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth getting into a clean room to do this during all those years -- because, look at this, the difference in scale between one single atom and that piece of metal is more or less the same as the difference between that little bit of metal and you.
So if one single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that piece of metal can be in two different places, why don't you too.
I mean, it's my logical part of it.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time, what would that be?
How do you act your consciousness if your body was developed in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we turn out the lights and look inside the box, we saw the metal still in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition. All the objects in the elevator actually only are quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about what quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more than that, it's deeper.
That is that those connections, your connections to all the things that surround you, literally define who you are, and that's the profound range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is American.
And it was 18 months ago I did another work at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss who's here and allowed me to take it up.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure it -- with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories of why we did.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide and this is access.
I grew up in India.
I got a great education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums. I began to learn a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
I better show you the demo and then explain to you a couple of interesting things that we've carried out from its launch.
So we just go to Google.
Look at all the museums that there is.
There's the U.S. Galy, the MoMA, the Remotia, the Richard Van Van Van Garden.
I actually go into one of my favorites, to Metashade, the New York art museum in New York City.
There are two ways to do it -- very simple.
We click and shoe -- we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where they are, Bombite or Mexico, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and get fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We open the flat up, and with one click, we jump in.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hall.
They go forward. They get divine."
Excuse it.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings "The Councils of Peter Brunoff in the Metaphor.
I see the signs.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all of the metabolic information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images we've captured in what we call digital technology.
So this image is, for example, I think, about 10 billion paradigms.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 million pages?
So I'm going to show you what you really get with 10 million paradigms.
It can make rubber around very simple.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to be determined.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and found that kids were actually playing something.
I looked at a little bit, I talked to some people from the Metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "The "Statement, which is to hit a eye with a stick of the Marian stream.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in deep and you'll see that you can actually get even to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to take away the image, so you see what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump back to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites, "The Single Night."
The example I showed was to find detail.
But what if you want to see the pingto paintings?
And if you want to see how Van Gogh actually created this mastery work?
It's going to increase it and really do it.
I'm going to one of my favorite parts in this square, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is the stage one: I think I'd never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called "Colleges."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a mission, that gives you the same.
You can line to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go in, -- I've created this function that I call "The Power of Organ: -- we just made a rubber around.
It's about "The Englishes at the London National Gallery in London.
You can throw things up, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you look at these masterpieces the teacher.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, they even don't come from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital middle I do justice to its artwork and that it is particularly represented online.
And the big question that they do today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum "seat."
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a piece, a flying board.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture, I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grew up with this picture on the wall of their dorm -- but the reason I show you this is that it has happened to be a very interesting thing in Formula 1 in the last two decades.
Now, some time ago, if you wanted to win a Frame One, you took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
So this is what it is, in engineering, called real time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an accident.
Now what's interesting is that the control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered from networks and electronic ones.
They're becoming computer airports.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently, and they can be detected and accessible.
The cities are a big thing.
As a result, I noticed that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of energy consumption -- to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these choices and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from a Palestinian Pale exhibition at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called "Talk to Me."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
In a way, it's like almost all of the existing atoms would become sensors and active.
And that's changing the interaction that we humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Mississipping Angele.
You know, when Michelangelo sandwicher sculpt the Moses -- he says that at the end I took the hammer, and he threw it to the Moses -- in fact you can still see a little bit of a little bit under -- and he said, "Let's see "Present not? What don't you do?"
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, insisting in the idea of capturing the environment and making something.
Let's start with the detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects in our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer with luck of 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup of the world.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of Disney gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at activity happening in the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Coliclea in the middle and the Terrie River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
On the early afternoon, there are people over here and there being called, moving around.
It begins the Party beginning, silence.
Gold from France, Gulf of Italy.
And entirely enough, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of a regular time.
First extra time -- second.
Zint, and at a moment, the head.
Hand Italy, yeah!
That night everybody went to celebrate the center.
You see the big peak.
The next day everyone went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the picture of the place called Circle Massachusett, where people are going to celebrate -- it's a big party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how we can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection -- it's not about people, but things we use and consume.
Today we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed some small tags to track the trash in its shift by the system.
We started with some volunteers that helped us in Seattle a little more than a year ago, to label what they were throwing up, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that would be straight.
Then we put a little chip -- a tag in the garbage and then we started to track it.
These are the results.
Parishing Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are lots of innovations in the system.
We can do the same thing with much less energy.
These are data that they didn't exist.
They are happening complicated things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing we think is that if we look at every day that the cup that we trap doesn't disappear, which is still somewhere on the planet.
That if the plastic bottle that we throw a day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason of the project.
My colleague at MIT, Asia Birdy, could tell you a lot more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago in Zarachine.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop -- is imagine that they have a chaos and valves and velocity valves that open up and shut up.
It's created as a cut of water, with water pieces.
You can write the pixels in them, to show patterns, images, text.
And when you zoom in, the curtain will open so that we can go on, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Beller Mayor of it.
He liked it a lot.
And it takes a commission to design the building at the entrance of the Expose.
We called it Palestinian Palestine.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no windows or windows -- but when you zoom in, you open up so you can go through.
The roof is also covered with water.
And if there is a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize salaries, you go down the roof.
Or you can close the building and all the architecture disappears, like in this case.
Those days there will always be somebody, in the winter when they go down the roof, somebody who was there and said, "You have the building off."
No, it's not that they have demonstrated it, but when it comes down almost all architecture disappears.
This is in work.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying to not get into the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
Every child in Zarachi came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let me go by, but a building that kept making cuts and holes of water, and one had to jump out to not get wet.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects as architects -- engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact with, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels -- water pixels and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopter helicopters in the air, and that each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, which moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what it changes is light, not the position of the paradigms.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine that the screen will appear in different scales and sizes.
And then all of that could be a cloud of pixels in 3D, which you can zoom in, and go on, and see from very different angles, northern.
This is the real controlled Flickra, going down to form a V, like before.
When the light, you see this -- the same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by a person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, from the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Blue -- one of the best ballet dancers today, the Metavool of Metropolitan in New York and the Middle School -- to capture its 3D movements and use them as an entry for Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the picks, the capture in different resolution.
It's both 3D digital in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and robotics.
We want to use this as a possible entry for Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could involve people in order to do something and change our environment as well as a cloud of cloud -- like big, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could all give you a little bit for a piece.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last two decades, in the last two decades, we spend the physical world into the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible to the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us -- we can move from the digital world, of the order of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may we want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That means something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today: think of climate change or CO2 emissions, how do you go from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people involved in doing this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a cloud of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are paradigms.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered of pieces.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, it can serve to share the main moments of the 2012 Olympic Games and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of heaven as something that you can go up, like a new tip of London.
You can get there.
As if it was a new digital failure at night, but the most important thing is to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what they are?
Suppose I told you that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you would like to be in better ways, be more strong, to have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of themselves?
How about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What else would you like?
What would you like if you could choose something?
(Audience -- Creative Creature."
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
Few of them -- probably because of the number of creative people present.
That's very good.
How many of you will choose memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state.
A little less.
How about longevity?
Oh, most of that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or maybe being possible?
Evolution has been a theme standing here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor about it.
The great 20th century, T. Dochologists, who also scaled in the Orthodox Orcht Russia, wrote a trial titled "Nothing in biology makes sense to the light of Evolution."
But if you effectively accept biological evolution consider this: is it just about the past, or the future?
Does it mean others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well in an end, it is, of course, the one that interests us.
We had a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the intervening there has probably been 20 or 25 different species of hominids.
Some of you have gone back and forth.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem like we're very far from other parts of this tree of life, but actually most of the basic machinery of our cells is more or less the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diamonds?
This is not like human insulin insulin, but it's the same protein -- chemically indigenous, which comes out of the painting.
And talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all take in the most bacterial gut than the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antarctica Damage asks you about the apartment -- think about bacteria.
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, eye, it's very competitive.
And we're going to provide all the nutrients that you can want without effort of your part.
It's really like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But for others, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential to our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what does the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are they destined to become something different, perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief company, the animal kingdom, as one and only companies and human life, a little bit of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was going to college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by electricity and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters of that cell.
But when the multicellular organisms, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes prepared.
In fact, you could say that the inevitability of death in the body comes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to tell you that when I was a college student, I thought well, sexual, sexual death -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year I was happening, every year I had more doubt.
I came to understand the feelings of George Burkes, who still acted in Las Vegas well in her 90 years.
And one night somebody hits their hotel door.
He opens the door.
In front of him, you find a magnificent glass of clothes.
And he looks at it and says, "Come on search for a sex season."
"Okay, say, George says, "I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, that I was working for a different goal to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily contradiction, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to restore health in disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation and adapt and survival generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like refugee rockets designed to send genetic charge to the next orbital level and then let us fall on the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen would be when he said, "I don't want to achieve the immortality through my work.
I want to make it not dying."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the strongest or the fastest or even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best creatures adapted to their environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the parallel bacteria that can survive the heat of the smoking sharks that would produce -- if there were fish there, fish in the cow, yet have managed to make that a competitive environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we go back to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look ahead, the following phase -- I would say there's a lot of possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we have known to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been discarded and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've built our environment so that it adapt to us as well as we adapt to it.
And by the way, we migrated and we climb, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation necessary for the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of traditional type, nature, imposed by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be: that the gears of evolution roll slowly, but they're ingrediental.
And in the position of installation, when as a species we collect distant planets are going to be analogy and environmental changes that can produce evolution naturally.
But there is a third possibility -- an attractive possibility, intriguing and frightening.
The so-called self-service, new evolution, which is not just natural but guided and chosen for us as individuals in the decisions we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more variations than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what is chosen at the individual and family level.
They also think that if you could be able to choose not only the sex of your offspring, but in your own body to make genetic adjustments to cure or prevent disease.
What if we could make genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce cancer risk or eliminate the apple?
Would you not want to make those changes in your genes.
If we look at the future that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990, and it took 13 years.
It cost 720 million dollars.
The next year of ending up in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a close cost at the top 20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to be a lot to get the human genome to actually make the human genome for 15,000 and be more and closer to all.
You get those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not just going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce the immune against other viruses.
Believe or don't have an experimental trial in course with the vaccine vaccine in a tobacco plant cells.
Can you imagine something good that comes out of the window?
That's reality today and the future is going to be increasingly possible.
Imagine just another two little changes.
Can the cells change their bodies but and if they could change the cells of their description?
What if they could change the sperm and the values, or change the very final velocity film, and give her children a better chance of a healthier life, to eliminate diabetes, eliminate the hemisphere, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want the healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to adopt superconductors highways, a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jensis especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the Watson.
Why not have a faster contact muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live more time?
This is going to be irresponsible.
And when we're in conditions to pass this into the next generation and we can adopt the attributes that we want to have converted the evolution of before in the neuroscience.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have before them.
Are we going to use these choices in a better society, more successful, more considering?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us, but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform.
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deepest thing about all, are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom required to make these decisions satisfying?
For good or for bad, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're 900 feet tall.
Imagine an airplane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine by doing close, it clicks down.
Clearly, click, click, shut down. It sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day. I was sitting on the 3D.
It was the only one I could talk to the flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said, "There's no problem. We probably hit some birds."
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot winds the plane with the Hudson River.
That's usually not the route.
It took the motors off.
Imagine being in an airplane and no noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most passionate words I have heard.
He said, "Get up for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about the flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
Life was terrified.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to come in, and I didn't do it, all the fence I wanted to repair all the experiences I wanted to have and I never had.
As I thought about that later on, I came up with a sentence, which is, "I collect bad senses."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we avoided the bridge George Washington who was not for much -- I thought, wow, I really feel a big fish.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and with my mistakes I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity as well as my ego.
And I regret the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my own relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a half in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels like wonder.
I'm no longer trying to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is going to go, "One, 14, 13."
You see the water paralyze.
I'm saying, "Please fly."
I don't want this to break up in 20 pieces like you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, whose, die doesn't give fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go -- love my life.
And that sadness came into a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids growing.
A month later, I was in a performance of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still --  And I scream, cry as a little one.
And for me, that was all the reason to be the world.
At that point I understood by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a big father.
For most of all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good father.
I became a miracle of not dying that day.
And I was given another gift, which was the possibility to look at the future and come back and live in another way.
You who are flying today, the challenge to imagine that the same thing happens on your plane -- and please not -- but imagine, and how would you change?
What they would do, that they still wait to do because they think they're going to live forever, right?
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents that you can do?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was this guy.
The guy is called TEDx.
TMD was one of the most important graffiti of the 1980s.
One day he came home after running and said, "Dad, I feel an ant in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDx has a total paralysis today.
You can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company and animation company, so obviously graffiti is something intricate that we admire and respect in the art world.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony TEDx, TEDx, and his cause.
So I went and met her brother and his father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with it?
And his brother said, "I just want to talk to Tony again.
I just want to communicate with him and he's able to communicate with me.
And I said, "A second, is not that -- I saw Stephen Hawking, is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you be somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?"
Does anybody see the film "The Scratch and the Martine?
They communicate in that way -- they're moving with the finger.
I said, "That's architectural. How can it be?"
So I presented with the only desire to give a check, and instead of that signed a check that I didn't have the slightest idea of how I was going to cover it.
I engaged with his brother and his father there at that precise moment, "All right, so this is the treatment: Tony is going to talk -- we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much on their inner cannot communicate it.
So I talked at a conference a couple months later.
I met these guys called Greek Greecing Rainfore: who have a technology that allows them to project a light on any surface and then with a laser point, they draw on that and record the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that come up, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
First they start with sexual organs, then with bad words, then with the attacks to Bush and, ultimately, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot to move things from one side to another, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the gates of the insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDx could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it YouTube because when you talk to the guy you get an email of it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy's fantastic.
The other thing we did was to bring seven programmers from all over the world -- literally all the corners of the planet -- to our home.
My wife, kids and I, moved to the back of the back and these hackers and programmers and conservatives and analogies took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we were doing something completely stupid and that when we went back to have taken the frames of the walls and in their place there would be graffiti in the wall.
But for two weeks, we were going to the March Sea, my son was a part, my dog as well, and we created this.
It's called European Wikipedia, and you can see the description of it.
It's a couple of cheap sun glasses that we bought on the March Beach of Venice Beach, some of the copper wire and things of Homo Department and Radio Shakespeare.
We take a PMS camera, we open it, we mounted it on a LED light and now there's a device that is free -- you build it yourself, we publish free code -- the software goes down in free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say "No."
Any person with paralysis today has access to drawing and communicating using just their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to TEDx room.
I love this picture because this is the other person's room, and that's their room.
There was all this bullet and alien during the great income.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and he's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the hospital outside of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and they would imagine what was the feeling in parking space.
The funny thing was that we had to break in parking in parking so we felt like we were reading the graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what he said, "This was the first time I drew in seven years.
I felt like I had been under the water and someone finally came to rescue me and pull me out there so I could breathe.
Isn't it amazing?
That is our scream of war.
That's what keeps us in motion.
And we have a long way to go with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've won a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free. None of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were like, "Oh, this is fantastic."
Armstrong tweets something about us, and then, in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about this -- and this is what I finished closing the circle, is that in April this year at the Geogram George in the center of Los Angeles there will be an exhibition called Art in the Street."
And "The Star in the Street is going to have the best exposure of urban art Bank, Spiderman Fair, Charefulances. They're all going to be there.
TMD is going to be in the show which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
None of what there is in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Wikipedia, nothing was possible at some point.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology, I just recognized something and partnered me with wonderful people to be able to happen.
And these are the questions I want us all to do every day when we find something that we feel like you have to do. If it's not now, what? And if I'm not me, who am we?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting into very difficult situations and at the same time a bit dangerous.
I went to prison, hard.
I worked on a coal mine.
I filmed in war zones, difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I have been immersed in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that will be trained and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the pathologist I wanted to do something a little different.
So some may have heard it, or not, a couple of weeks ago I took a dress in Eco.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered the rights of the name of my TEDTalk in 2011.
What had been this: "The States State Noupson, present my TEDTalk that you have no idea what it is and content could exploit in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when you do it.
But he said this, it's a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So I still knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I wouldn't have been able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we look at the world of marketing, of advertising.
And as I said earlier, I have gotten in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could be anticipated, for something as difficult or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Superman: I want to make a film that deals with the place of products, marketing and advertising, and that all the film is funded by product of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call "The largest Film ever sold!"
What happens in "The largest film ever sold is that everything from top to bottom, of principle at the end of it, has brand images, all the time, from the analogy that appears before the title, the X brand.
Now this brand -- Calmble Stark, the State Center.
These people will be associated with the film to the periodic forever.
And so the film explores all this idea -- "Child Kashakakes: Is it reduced. Is it what? (My (MASA: Is it reduced.
I'm a reduction on it. (My one -- I just say it -- it was more for awareness.
It was "Performance." forever."
But we're not just going to have the path of the X brand in the title but we're going to make sure we have all the categories that we could in the film.
Maybe we sold a shoe and becomes the most cool shoe you used to.
The most cool car you've been driving in "The largest film ever sold -- the best wheat you have been drinking from "The largest film ever sold on."
Cambodia Koscompic: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (MA: To fund the film -- MS: And we actually showed the whole process of how it works.
The complete film goal is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, the whole film of beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO helps to make it happen.
Robert Fried: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that, it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
RG: However, I don't know how recently people are going to be.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if angle is very negative, but you know how it's going to report? (MA: No idea. David Congo, how much money does it take to do this?
MS: A million and a half a half. (Audience: Very good -- John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard the meeting with them, but it's certainly going to be worth convincing a couple of big brands.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the film comes out, we look like a lot of joyful ideas.
MS: What do you think is going to be the answer?
Stuart Robby," most of the answers will be "No."
MS: But being hard to sell it, for the film or to be me?
JK: Both things.
MS: -- it means you're not very optimistic.
So, help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what brands are.
MS: Yeah. (My (BC: That's the challenge. When you look at the people you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places where to go. (MA: Okay. Turn the camera.
MS: I thought that "carrier called the camera meant we have a conversation outside microphone.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
None of you wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, make so many people see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the middle of the separate media, is it not the idea to tell with that new address worthy of attention that is going to bring the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a gathering mistake, and that mistake was this.
No, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been right.
But the problem was what it represents this image.
See, when you look for images of transparency in Google --  --  -- this is one of the first images that they appear.
I like your way to roll -- Sergey Brain. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable -- that is characterized by vision or access of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line perhaps the biggest problem.
You see, we heard a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name, the president of the name, even the CEOs name it.
But suddenly when it comes to making it really change suddenly.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear --  -- like that weird bear that is still running.
It's predictable."   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is it free?"
I'm going to eat an entire hand of Costa White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling them we wanted to tell this story and they said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell us our story.
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he was looking at me as I used to do -- he said, "Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and it's the real story.
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just a company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that only because I knew John Bond and Richard Kiribati of many years -- I realized I would have to go through my own, I would have to remove the internal and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn suddenly -- what I started to realize, is that when you start to talk to companies the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big movies, huge, giant and others who make small movies, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make long Hollywood movies, giant girls, say the reason that their films are so successful is because of the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood films, from Hollywood?
And the film is called "The largest Film ever sold!"
How are we going to see Bangladesh in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the destroyed Bang.
At any point during an interview with somebody I can say, "Are you well cool for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you make you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview."
And there I would offer one of these fabulous arms.
Both Florida "London as "Parties of the Parasimert are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as a woman for women, solid, balloon, as it is.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a little bit of view.
Karen Frank: We're a small brand.
So similar to the kind of smaller films you could tell -- we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that other brands have.
So doing things like this, you know, remembering Bang to people is the reason that we are interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bangalore?
Bang is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: Supermarket technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits, you know.
Man: We talk about something audience, fragile.
I think fragmented is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus "computer and subject."
It keeps you cold.
How do we keep you fresh more time? With better Francisco, more fragment, three times more fresh times.
Things like those who are responding to the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-tracking company.
What about me? What about a common guy.
I need to talk to the man from the street, to people like me, to ordinary papers.
They have to talk to me about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothing.
Woman: Reverse the 1980s, paper paper unless it is a dance of laboratory.
MS: Okay, what is the George brand?
George -- something unique. (MA: unique. Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style I have would be like a dark glamorous.
I like dark colors, many gray colors and things like that.
Usually I wear access to solar glasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand that could be a classic color, markets.
Man 2: The brand I am, I would call it casual flight."
Woman 2: On a part of the hippocampus, in part of the picture, in part of the Brooklyn Babylon, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of mass.
I sold toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is Fedelay because I deliver the market.
Man 5: So something school failed.
Is that something?
Lab, I'm a lawyer.
TS: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand, Tom, but I often classify myself in the intersection of dark glamour and cardinal flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the market personality."
And I found a company called Old Zaau in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Net, February, Hawking to discover that brand personality.
If they could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Array," brought the pictures, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family photograph.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings your way to be.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in, like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are originated and they start in a place and in my case, and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What's the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How does this relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me about why is that?
What's the magic? What phase of polar you find you now?
Why is it important to research? What does the red mean?
Tell me a little bit about that.
It's a little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have you had?
It doesn't have to be fear. What kind of mountains are you?
MS: Ah. (CA: Thank you.) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patient. (MA: Big job." A: Yes. (MA: Thank you very much. Very good.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of madness.
Linda Zathare: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different places, but complexity, in your brand personality -- the brand Morgan Super is a conscious brand.
They're being biologically self-assembled together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that are not safe -- they avoid fear, those elements and you actually are happy and you get something positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are you?
The first here is classic -- Apple.
And you can see this also here to Tamil, William, Minister of Minister Cooper and Jeff.
Now there are playful brands and conscious brands -- those things that have gone and come in, but a documentary brand is quite powerful.
MS: A for a folks like that. What's your brand?
If somebody asks you to describe your brand identity, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a performance attribute? Are you somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you more good at a description attack?
A little bit more cleaned, reserved, conservation?
The acceptable attributes are like a playful being a playful being like Prince, contemporary contact, adventure, or bold like Europe Florida, fast or glorified, professional, dominant, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather than a describe attack?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 700?
Are you striking, traditional, provider, protestion, protection with Oprah?
Are you conflict, stable, family, reliable safe, sacred or consumer or wise like the Dalai Lama or YouTube?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, and strikes and offspring. They were saying, "No, they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, wouldn't have control over the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscientist, and we got to tell the story in this movie of how they now use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as a film.
We went to San Paulo where they banned the advertising to the free air.
Throughout the city over the last five years, there are no pills, no passwords, no flight, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing road in schools with problems in the U.S.
The amazing thing for me is that the projects that I have had the biggest answer or where I've been more successful are those that I've been interacting with right now.
And that's what these markers did.
They went to the interrogations, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that is going to make people thinking about the way we look at the world.
And how have you gone? Did you succeed.
Well, since the movie is in the Sunday Festival -- let's take a look.
According to Bursalds, the movie will become January, and since then -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a period of two and a half weeks.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's not online. It's not in Standard.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all the agencies that we talked about, they embraced their customers not to be a part.
I've always believed that if you get risky if you take risks, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you get people out of that you're pushing them into failure.
I think when you train your employees in the aversion of the risk you're preparing all your company to take care of rewards.
I feel that what it has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that they can show them.
Ultimately, I'll move forward, I think we have to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We embrace fear. We embrace risk.
From a square at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And, ultimately, we have to get to transparency.
Today, more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to go a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We "Arm Transition has been presented by my good EM friends who were by 6,500 bought the rights of the name in Ecology.
EM: turning big data into big opportunities for companies around the world.
EM stands for "The Transparency."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So, Moroch, in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those 7.25 17?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a check to behalf of the TED Madifoct organization, the Salman Foundation, a clothes for 7,500 to be applied to my TED assistance of the next year.
The idea behind the Wonder computer world is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
His biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the University plant in National.
The gray boxes you see are real-time control systems.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and valves -- we can cause a lot of problems with the central phone.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're from a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put an effective virus virus in a portable computer used by an engineer to confuse this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Studio.
We started with a Windows installed installer.
The wind goes into the gray box, gives the central box, and the nuclear nuclear program is demonstrating -- massive mission.
Is it easy, right?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Studio six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing you knew is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of the plant: the installed variation used multiple dogs to use.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray box, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infect our environment with Studio and saw what happened with this.
So they spent very strange things.
Studio was behaving as a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- he smelled it, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese flavors I realized, and I thought, this is a direct attack.
It's completely directed."
The install is actively looking at the gray box if you find a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, StoryCorp does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought, "We don't know what's the goal."
It could be, let's say a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we discovered the goal soon.
And so we extracted and we were deploying the attack, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very professionally by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the dots to attack.
They probably even know how much the operator is.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that the Statehought plant is complex and high technology, let me tell you, load is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this code code.
We're talking about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old cosmic language.
I want to tell you how we could find sense of this code.
What we were looking for at the beginning were called the system, because we know what they do.
Then we looked for teachers and data structures and we tried to relate to the real world, with the potential potential of the real world.
We need theoretical theories that we can approve or to deal.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent sales, it must be a valuable white white, and it's safe in Iran, because it's where most infections have been reproduced.
You don't find several thousand targets in that area.
It's basically reduced to the nuclear energy plant of Bush and the National Engineering plant.
So I said to my assistant, "I told my assistant, "Tell me a list of all the experts in central and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and made them in an effort for playing their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital wind with the driver control.
The driver is that mobile part inside the central, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you can certainly burn it and even make the penguin explode.
So what we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and decorate in an obvious effort to go back to nest maintenance engineers so they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to decipher the big digital encyclopedia looking very close to data and their structures.
So for example, the number 165 percent of that code can't be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these central phones are built in National and found that they're structured in what's called a category, and each waterfall contains 165 centralits.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack code, right?
An almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
Not managed -- it wasn't like this.
The results have been taken after several weeks of hard work.
We usually ended up in distant villages, and we had to start again.
Yet, we discovered that both digital choices were pointing to one and the same goal, but from different angles, from different angle.
The little wind is taking a waterfall and making the roofs and raining it, and the big wind communicates with six waterfall and manipulating valves around.
In sum we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's Nationa, and it's just National.
We shouldn't worry that other targets are achieved by Studio.
Here I show you a few very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and you see the centralits.
What this thing does is to intercept the input values of sensors for example, pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provides legitimate code, which is still executed during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, these fake entry data are predicted by Studio.
It's like in Hollywood movies where, during the robot, the security camera is feeding video pregnant.
Is it great here?
The idea here is obviously not only to cure the operators in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and agricultural.
The idea is to turn a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbines go on speed, you have to open space tubes in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're competed, then bad things can happen.
The plant can exploit.
And not the operations and the security system will notice it.
That scares me.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is great.
It has nothing to see, specifically, with centrality, with uranium engineering.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automotive factory.
It's great.
And you don't have a step -- and you have to write this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Studio.
You could also use conventional worm technology to disseminate it.
It's going to tell it the most possible.
And if you did that, you would end up with a crowd of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we need to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great numbers of goals.
We have to face the consequences and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralin, it's been made public in many sides that people assume that the Mississippi is the main environment behind this.
What's your opinion?
Ralph Langer: Okay, really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My opinion is that the Mississippi is involved, but the engine is not Israel."
The engine behind this is cyber supercondition.
There is one alone, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because, otherwise, our problems would be even larger.
CA: Thank you. Thank you, Raiti.
I want you to imagine a robot that can take you and give subsidic skills, or another one that makes users of wheelchair up, and they go back and walk.
In Berkeley Biologue: we call these robots, exceptions.
It's nothing different from something that gets in the morning, gives you a big force that also increases your speed, and helps you, for example, to manage balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate and connect it with the universe and with other people outside.
This is not a wrong idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier who, on average, has to take on its back, a 50 pounds, and it's demanding to take even more team.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help manage the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Human -- or Port University University.
Soldier: With the HIV exoskeleton I can take 90 pounds by variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design allows you to put into classrooms and execute movements with great activity.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my force and my resistance.
Olk Bench," we're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
It's a reality.
So let's go back and look at the wheelchair users, about what I'm particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people right now, in wheelchair, all over the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20, 30 or 40 years -- collide against a wall, and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that you get to multiply quickly.
His only option -- many times -- by a brain injury or some other complications -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been that over the last 500 years, from its successful emergence as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the EGPs that is using Amanda Boston who was 19 years ago he had an injury in the vertical column, and as a result, he couldn't walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boston, thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELAM, which I mentioned.
It has some sensors.
It's completely not invasive in the crowds that send signals to the bottle computer, here on the back.
There's also a few batteries that give the motors energy in the hip. And in the knees, and they make it progress with this solid and very natural bar.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, for a strange jump in the air, skiing costs down the way down.
In a fraction of second, I lost everything and all the motion of the pelvis.
Shortly later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Oh, you know, "I will never walk again."
That happened 19 years ago.
And so I stole to the last hint of hope of my being.
Adapting technology since then, it has allowed me to learn how to get rid of it in skin, climbing rocks and even riding in bike bicycle.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the future of future generations -- not only of soldiers, but to Amanda and to all the wheelchair users to all.
AB: Thank you.
I just returned from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the baton -- they practice sex to say hello, and the game is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not Man Adam or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living lives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, who lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known by their aging.
But unfortunately, we've made too much emphasis in this aspect in our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big type, terrifying, Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special because this leads to a very tolerant society where death violence hasn't yet been observed yet.
But unfortunately, Bonobos are the least understood of big apes, unfortunately.
They live in the depths of the Congolese jungle, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tension itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been provided by decades, and caused almost as many deaths like World War II.
It's no wonder that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The coast of hunting and deforestation make you not be able to fill a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos you can hear the laughter hidden by making the trees.
Who are these printing?
We know them as the apes make love, not war -- because they have frequent sex and promising and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because the life of bonobos is more than the Karasa Sun.
The bonobos. Like humans, they love playing throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a game of children.
For us, and for them the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance for us.
We learn how to trust it, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience, and it has to do with the generation of diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity diversity and consequences diversity.
And when you look at the game the Bonobo sees the evolutionary roots of laughter and dance and human ritual.
Play is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild medium.
First of all, it's a Bonobo statement game, and I don't talk about football.
Here we have a female and a young male in the middle of a perspective.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "You have the pipeline adopted."
I just think that in this case, he loves it, right?
Yes.
So sexual game is common as much as a human in humans.
And this video is really interesting because it shows -- this video is really interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play like the teachers, and also how game requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it is the most fun.
But play is public.
The game is public, it can adopt a lot of ways, some of which are more quiet -- imagination, curious -- maybe the place where wonder.
And I want you to see -- this is Future, a young female who is playing with reduced water.
I think, like that, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and external worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real sex of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that the bonobos give us from our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we need to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our contrast of adaptation.
To adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But are we going to take our game ability?
The game is not fraud.
Play is essential.
For Bonobo and humans alike, life is not just cruel and underestimated.
When you look at the least play play, you can be the moments when it's the most urgent thing.
So primitive partners, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York I am responsible for development of a nonprofit organization named Robin Howard.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fires as a captain of captain in a voluntary fire body.
And in our city, where volunteers are complicated to a highly skilled staff, you have to get to the fire site very soon to go into action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high chance to go.
But still, there was a career at the foot against the other volunteers to get to the cardiologist and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was faced in a conversation with the owner that certainly I went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were in full night, she was standing outside the rain, under a firefish, in piece, redesigning, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just came up with before I am, we -- Lego Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog of the house.
The dog." I was so creative."
There was a lawyer or a management of money who, during the rest of his life, would have to tell the people to go into a building in a call to save a living building only because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me an advance.
He said, "Beekeless, I need you to go home.
I need you to climb up, go through the fire, and I bring it to this woman a couple of shoes ...
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hall, I went to the real firemen that at that height of that alter or less had just finished the fire and entered the main room in search of a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my load back through the staircase where I met my names and the beautiful dog in the main door.
We got out of the house for the home owner where, as I was to expect, his fear got much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house of house by the brave effort to save his house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was that someone had got a couple of shoes.
So much in my voice in Robin Hood, as in my voice as a volunteer firefighter I'm witness of acts of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also the acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So when I look in this room to people who have achieved -- or they are to do, remarkable levels of success, I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give, give it now.
They serve food in a dining meal, they clean up a neighborhood park.
They're mentors.
Not every day, we're going to have the opportunity to save somebody's lives, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So they go into the game. They save shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Beethoven: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1868 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build things bigger than us, as buildings or bridges, a brick at once.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947 to LIGO, this was happening.
It was called the autonomous assembly land.
And in a few years, LED bricks.
It's estimated that over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges or buildings or homes.
LED made it accessible.
LGB simply adopted the concrete block in the world, and it turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to advertise: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of analysis that would lead us from a world of apartment aesthetic landscapes to a world where everything was interactive.
Like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much bigger and more complex, a brick at once.
But there's a main difference, the transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was in the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of taking the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Littas.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Literal is electronic modules each of them with a specific function.
They're prepared to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together by immonitically.
So you can't put it wrong.
Lady have a color code.
The green is the salt, the blue is the risk, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wide.
So you just have to assemble a blue with one green, and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue person produces light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse cord, which is here, and now we have an intentional light.
We added this balloon to create more impact and have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond simple play, literatures are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and soldier, literatures allow us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To get faster or slower, it just turns this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Littas is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world to go down to brick ready to use.
Lights, sound, solar panels, motor panels -- everything must be accessible.
We've given to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a light is working, or why the door of an elevator is held open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken literatures to design schools.
So for example, the designers without experience any electronics start playing with Littas as a material.
You can see here, with paper bottles and fish, we have George creating.
A few weeks ago we took limits to the designers of Rhode Island Medical Island School, who have no experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've made, an active conference cannon.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a long-term language that has fear of darkness.
For these no engineers, literatures became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material.
So Littas has open code.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture it.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So go ahead and invent.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company seeks to engage us with the environment focusing on the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
You can get a little bit of charge.
We can be able to keep the video on the side.
No.
This is not.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already afraid of time?
All right. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that is supposed to be stopped -- we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called "Congress for America and they would be like a few Peace Power Countries.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with the mutations.
Instead of sending them to the Third World we send them to the wild world will.
They made great applications -- they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of today's technology.
You know the Al Salarc.
It's a hydrogen of the Boston city.
So here it appears as if you look for a quote, but what really looks for is that somebody is cleaning up when he gets caught out of the snow, because he knows it's not very good at taking fire when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did he get aid in this single significance?
Last year in Boston we had a team of Merica for America."
They were there in February, and at that time I was working much last year.
They realized that the city never clean these hydrogen.
But one of the members called Erik Michaels noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did as any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept clean up when you snow.
So when you do that, you put a name, in this case you put it.
If you don't do it, someone can robot.
I mean, it's got a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed apps last year.
But it does something that no other government technology is.
And it stretches viral form.
A responsibility of Honor City systems when you see this app realized that I could use it, not for the snow, but for citizens to add top of the tsunami.
It's very important that these tsunami silks, but people are stealing the batteries.
So he asks citizens to control them.
And then Seattle. And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens look at the spade of the packed.
And Chicago just launched it to make people record to clean up sidewalks when I snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without frictions, in organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit of government technology you'll know that this doesn't normally happen.
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that that had done by the normal channels it would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's not anything.
Now there is a project in the judicial power of California that even the moment has gone to two billion dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days, and it's spread in viral form, is a kind of warning supply to the institution of government.
It suggests the best ways to work, not as in private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
I mean, without restrictions, open and general.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this app is that it represents the way to address the question of government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of a sanitary institution but as a collective action problem.
And that's very good because it turns out we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Coality for America but there are hundreds of people across the country who contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration in front of that, but they don't complain about, they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost from view.
And that is that if we leave the feelings of politics, the row at the DMV -- and all those other things that get us crazy -- the government is essentially in Tim Orange, "What we do together because we can only do it."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to recommend it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change the government itself.
And given that the government ultimately employees of us -- remember that of us, the people? The way we think about it affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know a lot about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government is going to choose people to take care of charges.
Well, after two years I've come to the conclusion that the government is, especially of careers.
This is the phone attention center of services and information.
It's the place that uses calls if you mark 311 in the U.S.
Scott took this call.
In "Ranger Zimbabwe in the official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And finally he said, "Hey, can you open the door door, put a good music and see if it's going?
And it worked. So that's by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the radio.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app and web and mobile called the Context Connection.
We don't program that application.
It was the work of very smart people at the Office of New York Mechanical Mechanical Medical.
One day, this really happened, this question: "Darker in my trash cube -- I don't know if he's dead.
How do I do it for them?
The dynamics of Cities Connection is different.
Scott was talking to people.
In Context Connecticut, it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw it a neighbor.
The next report said, "I got to the place, I found the garbage cube behind the house.
Zimbab? Yes. Living? Yes.
I went back home. I went home.
Good night, sweet fire."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of the digital and the physical.
And it's also a great example of the income of government to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technical definition of platform.
I talk about a platform so that people are adapting and helping others.
So a citizen helped another but here the government had a key role.
He connected the two people.
And I could have connected them with government services to be necessary but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When a neighbor helps another, we shape communities.
If we call the animal control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about the government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but they think one is the top of the other.
That our entry to the government system is the vote.
How many times have they chosen a political leader -- sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then we hope that the government reflects our values and satisfying our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches away.
Below is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that waste that keeps that that belongs to us that we fund as something that operates in our own, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People think politics is sensory.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machinery.
That makes the Accompany movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of worried citizens that have written a very detailed report of 350 pages in response to the SETI pedestrian project on the financial reform.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activity.
And for those of us who have been assigned to government, it's time that we ask ourselves what we want to leave our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think that we will get where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all?
We can't predict government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of government so that it can expand to civil society.
There is a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not so difficult to act more much -- just to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I, to regions, I'm a bigger generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about who's going to talk about. They're all going to talk about.
You can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, you don't care very much about doing your voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government work.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning up a hydrogen, taking up, charging a garbage cube that has a random inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrogen and many people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not just consumers -- we're not only government consumers that pay taxes and we get services.
We're more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizens.
So I want to ask all the presents, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will we be a crowd of voices, or will we also be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails and prisons and the corridor of death.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there is a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are said here has impact around the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I say this because I think identity is really important.
Here we have seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we have learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach feelings you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, and it is character, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I actually didn't learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned about my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matrix, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, I had power.
It was the last word in every discussion in the family.
She started a lot of the discussions in our home.
It was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
Her parents were born in slavery in Virginia.
She was born over the 1880s, and his experience with slavery was the way he saw the world.
She was hard, but it was also loving too.
When I was a little bit and I looked at her, she came up to me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was supporting.
One or two hours later, I went back and looked at it, and he said, "Break, still feel my abuse?
And if I said no, I was grabbed again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that I would always want to be near it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, and I went to the room, and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room, and he looked at me.
At first, I thought it was a game.
And then I looked at it and smiled, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she lifted up, he took up the room, he took me out of my hand and said, "Come on Bret. The two we're going to be convinced."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said, "Bridge, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mars."
She said, "Now I'm not going to do it." I said, "Sure."
Then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been looking at you."
And he said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do what you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise three things, Brazil."
I said, "Say, Martin."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
He said, "She is my son, and you have to promise me to always take care of it."
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do it."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing, although the right thing is difficult."
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mary. So I'll do it."
Then, finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise me is you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mom, so I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the rural South, I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beers of six, I didn't know where I pulled them, grabbed my sister and I went to the forest.
We just got the madness.
He took a beer suit, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said, "No, no, no. It's okay. You go, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on, do it. And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister too. Take a beer.
I said, "No, I wouldn't feel good. You can follow.
And then my brother looked at me.
He said, "What happens? Take a chemo."
I turned my gaze to force and said, "Oh, not to be that you're still thinking about the conversation with Mars."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Marte tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was destroyed.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be spread widely out.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't mean this thinking it's a virtual thing. I say it for the power that identity.
When we create the right kind of identity of identity, we say things to others that really don't see meaning.
We can't get to do things that they don't believe to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prepared during the bonding.
My aunt died of diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that, according to it, we had to compromise.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conventional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it finds so much desert, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One out of every three black black black of the 18, and the 30 years is in prison or in parole.
In urban communities across the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore -- 50 to 60 percent of all young color young people are in prison or in parole.
Our system is not only distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that is much better about whether you're rich and guilty that if you're poor and innocent.
It's not culture, but wealth.
And it looks like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and function makes us believe that these are not our own problems.
We're declined.
It seems interesting.
We're looking at our work some good developing development.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as in other states, you give you rights forever if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 34 percent of the black male population has definitely lost the right to the vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights is going to be as elevated as it was before the law of the right to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where they sit in 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this country jail for children, no possibility to go out.
Right now we are in some literatures.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in the death row, right?
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
So in some sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die by criminals committee?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think about another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it, it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by mistake.
Out of every nine people executed -- one which is innocent that is extraordinary and liberated from death court.
A rate of error, amazing -- an innocent in nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation it would never allow you to put airplanes if every nine you woke up, you would have strengthened.
But we somehow get rid of the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our charge.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we want to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I talk to you about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the rebuilding and that lasted to World War II.
We don't really know a lot about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a little bit defined by the terror.
In many communities, people were afraid to be line.
They were worried about being bombed.
The threat of the terror was what he defined his lives.
Now there are older people who are coming up to me and they say, "Mr. Stevenson, you say talks -- it makes speeches discussions. Tell the people who stop saying that in our history for the first time with terrorism, after 11."
They ask me to say, "No. Tell me that we grew up with that."
The era of terrorism continued obviously with secretary and decades of racial and separation decades.
In this country, we have a dynamic why we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we historically have done.
All the time we hit each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us work to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving conferences on death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood up after my presentation and said, "You know it's good to listen to what you say, you know.
He said, "We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never be able to have it here."
The room was sitting in silence and a lady said, "There is no way with our story, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and delicious, we were going to get people."
Think about this.
How would we sit in a world where a nation like Germany, would execute people, especially if you were in your most goddies?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this discovery.
I think our identity is in danger.
If you really don't care about these very difficult issues, positive and wonderful things are, however, implicitly.
We love innovation.
We're fascinated by technology. We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are recorded by suffering, abuse, degradation, marketing.
In my view, you need to integrate both things.
We talk about the need to have more hope, more composition, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the wings, the ones that will never get to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of us.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are -- despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With creativity, with creativity. The development comes not only from brain ideas.
These things come from food ideas as well by heart conversations.
This connection of the mind with heart is what drives us to look at not just the bright and underwater, but also the dark and the hard.
Vaccurat Habya, the great chef leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering, we had all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a willingness for being in desperate sites and being teacher."
Well, that orientation for spirit is pretty much in the heart of what I think, that still in communities like TED, should be competing.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion to inequality.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer to meet Rosa Parks.
These women get together just to talk about.
Occasionally, Mr. Carroa called me, to tell me, "Beethoven: Break, comes the lady Parkers. We're going to meet to speak.
You want to come and listen to it?
I said, "Be lady. Be want."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come from?"
I said, listen to it.
So I went and just listened to them.
It was very visible, very illuminational.
And in one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks ran to me and said, "Now Bren, tell me that it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started to give him my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We tried to end up with the lives of life, without parole.
We tried to do something about death.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We try to end the mass flags."
I gave him all my best speech, and when I finished he looked at me, he looked at me and said, "You know, Momis Mum Mum."
And he said, "You will end up extracting, very huge."
At that time, Ms. Cardrise leaned up, put my finger on the face and said, "That's why you have to be very very bad and so variable."
I think that the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to figure out how to address those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and to believe that each one of us is higher to the worst we've ever made.
I think that's true for everyone on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if somebody takes something that doesn't belong, it's not that it's a land.
Even if someone kills another one, it's not that it's a burning.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not wealth.
It's not.
I really think that in many parts of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic -- very beautiful, very intuitive, is not going to judge us by our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of the end, you judge the character of a society, not the way you treat rich and powerful and privileged ones, but the way you treat the poor, the conditions, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
I feel desperately. I'm going to end up with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I was tired, like everyone.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sitting with a lot of defense.
I go to jail and I see my 13-year-old customers and 14 years old, who have been have been have been hated to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone into what it is?
The judge was saving it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night I was willing to think -- by God, if the judge can become something you don't are, it must have magical powers.
Yes, Brenner, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask some of that.
As I was very late, I couldn't think right, but I started working on a model.
I was 14 years old, a little bit, poor, black.
I started working on the engine, with a joy that said, "Motion for my 14 year-old black client is treated as a 75 year-old privilege, executive of a corporate."
In the movement, I put there had been involved in the accessible access, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a line that was ready about how in this country there is no ethical but a lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking that kind of invention would be a dream, or did I really write it?
For my horror, not only had it reduced it, but I had sent it to court.
About two months, I had already forgotten it.
And I finally decided --  God, I have to go to the slice for this stupid case.
I got up to the car, and I felt really algorithm, overwhelming me.
I was in the car to court.
I thought this would be very difficult and permanent.
I finally fell out of the car. I walked to court.
I was going up the stairs when I found a senior black man -- it was the contact of court.
When he saw me, he came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer: He said, "Is you launched? I said yes.
And then I approached myself and it opened up.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was virtual.
That was deeply connected to me, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience.
When I walked in, the judge saw me.
And he said, "Mr. Stevenson, you wrote this pedestrian motivation?
I said, "Be Mr. I was me." And we started discussing.
People started coming in. They were all indicated.
I was the one I had written those madness.
The police prosecutors came along, the advantages of the advantage.
All of a sudden, without knowing how, the room was filled with people, and all of us are fundamental because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the rock of the eye I went to see the convention that went and came in.
I looked down the window, and I was able to hear all that scream.
I kept walking over here and so on.
Finally, this old black black, with face of concern, entered the room and sat behind me, almost at the lawyers table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge gave a recession.
During the rest of the algorithm a bit of the algorithm was offered to be offered because the gun had entered the room.
The assistant was added on the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black black stood on the stage, I looked at the asteroid, he looked at me and said, "I've got this room of audience to tell this young man who keeps his view in the goal with simple."
I have come to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be truly human evolved if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
Our survival is linked to others.
That our visions of technology -- design and entertainment and creativity must lead to frankly, compassion and justice.
And above all, to those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, this community, to help in your purposes of doing something.
Something that's not a check. What can we do?
BJ: There are several different opportunities.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which you will do an effort to restore the funds you spend today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty in the next five years. A billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of the homicide cases don't conclude in arrosts.
56 percent of the rapes don't get anything.
Here's an opportunity for change.
This revolution is going to propose that these funds are going to be destroyed to make the law join the law, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in the crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation, it's said that it has to do with the largest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think it is?
BJ: Actually, the rate of violence with violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth in mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase arises in the prison population.
And we let them convince the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people to perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making them return those resources to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment does nothing for anyone.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Bridge, you've been excited about us today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Rocky 2: famine in Somalia, Lock 3: The police throwing the O.C.
Norwegian four: Passace to the poster -- Lock 5: March Colombian."
Norwegian 6: social detection. Lock seven, 65 dead.
Rocket eight, Alexander of tsunami, Nocket 9: Chickens.
Several locals: narrative to narrative. mass destruction. Torture.
Recently. Bangladesh. Financial. Egypt. Egypt.
crisis. Death Dead. Destruction.
Oh, my God.
Peter Diamonds: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, the correct could be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second of each day, our senses get a lot more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters to us more than survive, the first stop of all that data is an old fragment of the temporal lobe called an angle.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
And order and record all information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So from a dozen stories we would prefer to look at the negative.
That old lady of the press is there, "If there's blood, sells: it's very true.
And since all digital devices give us negative news for the seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, it is not to miss that we are personalized.
It's not surprising that people think the world is going wrong in worse.
But maybe it won't.
Maybe what happens is that we get distributions.
Perhaps the enormous progress done in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating in such a way that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems -- climate change, the extinction of species, water and energy -- certainly we have them.
As human beings, we are very good at avoiding problems and, in the long time, we ended up with them.
Let's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled, average income per capita adjusted by inflation has been translated around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
Also, the cost of food, of electricity, of transportation and communications, has fallen from 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinner showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that the global literacy went from 25 percent to more than 80 percent over the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget.
And we continue to get more and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefine poverty.
Think about it, today in the United States, a lot of the people living under the poverty line have electricity, water, baby, refrigerators TV, mobile phones, air conditioning and cars.
The barrel magnitudes of the past century, the planets on the planet, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes out in the technology of information jumps in this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
That is why the mobile phone that has in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supercomputer in the '70s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First of all, the soft thing it is, in good and bad times, in war and peace, in receiver, depression and again.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop in front of the big challenges.
And even though it's graffiti on the left, it turns up to the top.
The growth rate of technology is itself getting faster.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law, there is a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autopian call infinite computing and sensors and networks, robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels and fuels and food, the digital medicine, the Nanopatch and the A.I.
I mean, how many did you see the victory in Jewish "Jeopardy" from Watson from BM: What about IBM.
It was a picture.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this: Watson beat human opposites."
Jewish is not an easy game.
Play with the killing of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how can they use to solve great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to bring a company, or a product or service, that can potentially affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sound absorbed.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single person on the planet, is about creating a life of it.
It's about taking that that is scarce, and making it overwhelming.
You see, the scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
This is a story of National II in the middle of the 1800s.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited the king of Simon.
Narrator troops ate with silver covers, and the same Naparth, with gold covered course.
But the king of Sam, I ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, it's worth more than gold and platform.
So the tip of the monument to Washington is autonomous.
You see, even though aluminum is 83 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's led by oxygen and synchronics.
But then the electron came up and made the aluminum something so cheap that we use it as if it was destroyed.
We project this analogy into the future.
Think about energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet by 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to Earth 16 energy testing every 88 minutes.
It's not about scale, but accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the greenhouse group, 800 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents per year compared to the 15 cents of the national average.
And if we have an energy abundance we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about the wars in the water.
Do you remember when Carl Sagan took the Voyager spacecraft to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn happened?
I took a famous picture. How was it called?
"A pale blue point."
Because we live on a planet of water.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent per water.
Yes, 97 percent is salt water, two percent is ice -- and we fight for 0.5 percent of the planet on the planet, but also here is a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology comes, the Nanosalia.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the global innovations -- I'd like to share with you, I gave myself permission to do -- his technology called Shalboard -- maybe you know -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of clean water on the day of any hot water -- salt water, a letter -- for less than two cents a gallon.
The president of Coca-Cola has just agreed that to do a major test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes right, and I have a full confidence that it will be, Coke will implement it in 2006 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation made by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world in the late 2013.
Think about it, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to tell with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of abundance of information and communications that no one could have predicted before.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens of thousands of dollars and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- AIDS, HIV, images, books of book and music, medical diagnostic technology, and now they are demonstrating and losing market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when they charge the health applications.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce the Columbia Foundation something called the X Trader Campaign of Trickles, 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device with which they talk, and because it has IDEH, they can stop, they can get blood from the finger.
To win it has to make better diagnosis than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the death load is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that I don't recognize to be called the context of health, and first of all, avoiding the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce an abundance world.
I call it the billion increases.
The white lines here are population.
We just passed the brand of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never before they join the global conversation.
What would these people?
What do you do? What do you want to do?
And instead of an economic collapse, we'll have the largest economic injection of history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And they will get more health from the Triceratophoty, of a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive profits?
How about some voices never before hearts?
What if we give them optimistics, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and could be able to act for the first time?
What are these three billion three?
What if they're contributions that we can't predict it?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams guided by their passion with a clear goal, they can do extraordinary things, things that could only make big corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you know.
It's called Police.
He came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino amino acids, and figure out how to fold the protein.
Pleasures determine structure and function.
It's very important in medical research.
And so far, it was a programming problem.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
And then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing it.
And it has shown that today the human pattern recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the brain of the balance.
We have the capital capital.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have in front of a few decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The cost of the particular point.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, before I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1835.
You may believe that you pursue penis, but it didn't.
It actually collects fish.
And he described one of them as a very common."
It was the beautiful.
It was lost so much until the 1880s.
Now the fish is at the Red League of the U.K.
But we've heard this story many times, on Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special about it.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're pressure.
Forgettes still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept -- the password of the pile.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lake in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought it could be integrated.
I burned a lot with the sun and I was convinced that I was not there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The gallery was surrounded by palm, and, as you can see, from some mangrove man.
There were about 20 inches tons, the black barber literature.
And the fishery of this thylacine was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so he earned more than the middle in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years after the amount of fish had halved.
They made the five centimeters.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish still were happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicit in the introduction of the fishery fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s -- well, it started in 1960. Europe did a lot of development projects.
Fishing development would be able to impose countries that already had 100,000 fishermen to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, pretty ugly, was called the Muslim Four.
I went out to fish in it, and we did studies in the South China Sea and especially in the Japanese Sea.
What we captured was something interesting.
We captured now, the sea bottom.
Ninety percent of what we captured were posted, other animals that are in the background.
And most fish are tiny blobs about some remains -- remains that are coral reef fish.
In short, the sea background came to the deck and then he was thrown down.
These images are extraordinary, because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then start the commercial fishing.
The bottom is going to be a soft coral fund in this case, to be a disconnect.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them. They caught them because they were dead.
We captured a alive.
I wasn't still saved.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of debris is what you collect every time you go to an area where you've never fish.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of parties, to the new level, without remembering what I was there.
If we generalize this something like this.
On the axis and we have good things -- biodiversity, amount of originals, the serve of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and the extrapolate forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
They didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze change of change.
And at the end of the end of these resistant missions.
And that, in big measure, we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer or what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that is very abundant before you get out, it's little frequently.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals like this.
Even if this doesn't feel like a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become short because we fish.
Over time there are a few fish, but we think that's the point of departure.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning it was very different.
And they will do it because evidence presented in an earlier way that's not the way they expect it to have evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you are like, as you captain such and you see a lot of fish in this area that can't be used, or usually don't use the fish scientists in the fish, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in built societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there the enormous role that can fulfill a protected marine zone.
Because with protected marine areas, we really remember the past.
We remember the past that people can't conceive because the starting point has run and it's very low.
That's for the people who can see a marine protected area and they can benefit from the vision that they provide -- which allows them to erase their point of departure.
And what about the people who can't do it because they don't have access as the Middle East, for example?
I think that the arts and the movie may fill the vacuum. The simulation.
This is a Shadolted Bay simulation.
A long time ago, there were gray whales in Capital Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that killing and tons are like "artifice" and tons.
And if you think about "Adam, if you think about why people are moving with the movie -- but to talk about the story of Packsons -- why will we move with imagery.
Because it raises something that, in a sense, has been lost.
So my recommendation -- the only one I give, is Cameron, "I'm going to "avata II underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alanhae, the YouTube trend manager and I watch YouTube videos in professional form.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why videos are made viral and what importance does that.
We all want to be stars, celebrations, singers, comments. When I was younger, that seemed very, very hard.
But today video video makes any of us, or of our actions, copper in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can make a famous Internet on the Internet.
They get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And from those only one small percentage is made viral -- you get intensity of visitors and it makes cultural moral.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators and participant communities.
Well, let's start.
Black Valentin: Oh, my God, my God.
My God!
Wow.
Boh, guess.
KA: Last year, Black Victorian published this film film outside his house in the National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproductive in the popular summer of the summer.
Beardow is not proposed to make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if it's called the Bermar Mountain Beardow.
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kyra.
Jimmy Kyrt published this title that would kick the video to the popular.
Transformations like Jimmy Kim presented us new and interesting things and led them to a wider audience.
Rebeck Black:  It's Friday, Friday, you have to start Friday --   Everybody wants to get the end of a week, the end of a week.   Friday Friday, looking at Friday,  KA: Don't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Rebel Brown "Comes to Beach is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the use of use.
Like "Arthur grasses doubled, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks as well, they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday Vietnam?
Well, I took it Tommy, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mississippi Science Theod, was one of the first people in making a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trend creators embrace a view and share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So this community of people who share this big inner joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 parachutes of "Los Lives on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other days.
Unlike the early 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon or doing something new with that.
"John Cath" is a representative animation with a remote music.
So, that's it.
This year you saw about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know there's a three hours version that you've seen four million times.
To the cats, they saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But what's important here is creativity I woke up among the Internet technology community.
There were remixes.
Someone made a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, a whole community of remix that made this happen to be a dumb joke to something that we can all form part.
Because today we don't just enjoy it, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted "Rich Rivers doubled or Rebet Black or "John Cat?
What do you script that you could have written that you would consider this situation?
In a world where you get two days of video per minute, only that really unique and unexpected can be challenged so that these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against the multi-tracks in New York, admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nigo," I was multiplied by the birth of the biology, but there are often obstacles that prevent you directly by biology.
KA: Thank you to the surprise and your humor, Casey Nigo made that five million people saw and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth the new thing that we do in creative form.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beardow Valentin: What does this mean?
Boh.
KA: What does this mean?
Treatment creators, complexity creative communities, totally unexpected, are features of a new kind of media, from a new culture, to which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity definitions.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justine Bering, started in YouTube.
They don't have permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media -- it's just the ones in today's media, but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still being broken.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece -- a man burning the work of a whole life.
It's a poet, a drama, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unit and freedom of his country.
So imagine as the communist comes into Sangham, facing the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
Words, for so long friends, now draw it.
It was refugee in silence.
He died by the story.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain -- and my lesson was to learn that the story tried to hold up, but we supported it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat in the dawn.
My mother, Mad, was just 18 years old when her father died, and a concerned marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had been destined to a single task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was uncomfortable for her who couldn't do it.
And after a four-year-old seat that challenges the fiction, a boat goes down to the search sea of fishing barrel.
All the adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was persons, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a fragile with poison.
If we were capable, we first took it to my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine, the property buried in every wave, and the horizon vast and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates that came several times, but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not able to run for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to finish the journey was too much for him, and the first apple that I tried, given by the men in the platform.
No apple had the same flavor later.
After three months in a refugee camp, we went down in Mellon.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations, shaping a new life together.
We set up in Ford, a cloud suburb whose population is comprised of immigrants in Ford.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence was decorated, in Ford, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that came from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of the trained English became exchanged among people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a line of cars, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title at IT of information.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tutor in English and mathematics, no matter what was supposed to be taken, which was generally new clothes, it was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes from the other.
A school uniform to the tangles, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful singers about the radio eyes and some graffiti -- "assets: "It comes home.
Home, where?
Something in me came up.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to get them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was expanding every night, but we told ourselves about our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares all the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare started to be able to wake up.
She opened up a computer store, then he studied to be an answer and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition and angry and inflation, and they had been trained by two worlds.
And they looked for subsidies and patterns.
They were created center.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classical Asian student, implanted with what I would develop from myself.
In the other one, I was locked in predictable lives, tragically charged by violence, the abuse of drugs and isolation.
But many people got aid over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of lawyer, I was elected by the young Australian young year.
And I was catched from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but their edges didn't fit.
And so read, an anonymous resident of Ford, was now so Leotley, refugee and social activist -- invited to speak in places I never heard about name, and at home whose existence she had never imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to retreat the routine and the comfort of life in an ignored suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending the day as they did for almost 20 years, counting about the day of each and getting asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I was the same age that she had when we got on the boat.
He had never been a choice.
"I said, "You don't feel what you don't."
So I talked about youth and education and destruction to the marginalized and the deployed.
And the more frankly I talked about, the more I was solitary to talk.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved -- living in the border of the possible.
And although I finished my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a stranger -- a guy arrived, new on the scene -- and not only is it good, but it's something that will be grateful, maybe a gift of the ship.
Because being inside it can easily mean to collapse the horizon, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your property.
I gave enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world demonstrates, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that were not allowed to be allowed to be entirely encouraged.
There was an energy there, an implant optimism of humility and window.
So I followed my intuition.
I went together to a small group of people for whom the motto can't do -- it was an irresposed challenge.
For a year we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, I was making a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked all night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we opened up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After a single journey.
My hearts again.
Three months later, I had moved in, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up in a time where the Congress was the social norm and the local Mandela was the person who cared about.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At the age of 17, he became a convention of a Mandela whose mother hit her.
With no support of his husband, they caused a reverse to demand it and take the cause herself and much more back when he won.
He can't make it be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room of a hotel in Sydney when she died, to 1,000 miles in Mellon.
I looked through the market of the shower and saw it standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to wake up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Ford and sat around his attention.
We told him stories and we made sure we were still with it.
At night a monks came and told us he had to close the attention.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is her hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold?
"Because you have taken your hand from the morning."
"You haven't supported it.
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, we can now see that the men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have done easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I ask myself about the boat.
Who could do that for you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a proposal in your lives, being bad in every wave, the preventable pace of the engine, the horizontal vast that doesn't guarantee nothing?
I don't know.
But if I could give it to you and look at them, I would do it.
Tripe Neilight, and also the mother of this is here today, in the fourth or fifth row line.
My story begins in Randis about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the star sky, with the Sufi Muslim Alexander.
We were talking about how nothing has changed from the age of the old Indian Epidemic "The Mahatha."
In those days when Indians wanted to travel we went to a car, and we broke the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time, when I was Arabic, the great Indian warrior prince -- he had fish, he took a bow and with one arrow on the ground, he got water.
We now do the same thing with the balls and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that got me very excited.
Every time I felt a little bit more about.
I was terrified about this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate a reduction if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't take it to my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic, not killing it.
As a little girl my grandfather gave me his little pocket platform.
And this technological piece of 50 years was for my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world filled with images and persuasis and narratives in my imagination.
I had the feeling that mobile phones and luxury clock and cameras prevent that we are.
They serve our inspiration.
So I came up to this technology world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
And illustrate books since 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device capable of connecting to the readers of the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
Put the text together with the image, the animation and sound and touch.
Narrator becomes increasingly multiple.
But what does that mean?
I'm about to launch Khaloga, an interactive application for iPad.
He says, "Get your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And I get a character from the book.
In a number of times, I get a card -- the iPad knows where I live because of the GPS -- that comes up to me.
My inner girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and drawings, but that childhood magic -- those ideas that we opened out of children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always turned out to me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release fireflies.
And really, they light your way into what it remains from the book.
Another idea that I was fascinated by a girl was that a whole galaxy is going into a ball.
So here, every book and every world becomes a ball that I drag into this magic device inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book there have always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows up, flipping and guide you during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's revealed.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and contemporary time.
These are the ones that are there.
We've all heard of the makers and the finances, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts -- would you push them up?
These poor people have been trapped in India cameras for millennia, in an old book and book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
In a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And talking about environmental crisis, one of the problems of the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, they have not come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out in the outside, take the camera or iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections -- streets, rocks and guides and cookers.
For some reason kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual you have to go out, and in a chapter -- take a picture of a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then label it.
So you create a digital collection of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A child in London put a picture of a stream, and he says, "Oh, today I saw a road."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taken out.
Within the variants of connection between magic, Earth and technology are a lot of possibilities.
In the next book, we plan to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video on the top, and through augmented reality, you see a group of animated dunes that appear on the inner plants of the house.
At a moment, the screen is filled with leaves.
And you have to do the sound of the wind and put them together so you can read the rest of the book.
We go to a world where nature forces are involved with technology and magic and technology are closer to another.
We took the energy out of the sun.
We are approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic world, joy and child love that we felt through a simple story.
Thank you.
I want to talk to you about why a lot of blood projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things we did at the University Redwood was to make a director of the listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little coffee cup or tea and asked patients, family and known, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think that this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody or maybe not all, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wikipedia bicycle. It's very simple.
It has a slice of fire and off.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms here.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him too. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time that it needs cardiac assistance or some urgency of that style but looking back.
But there's something else.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wikipedia baseball, and before I get up to my car, people start talking to me: Lucas, today I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of pairs used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and to develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
From the week to be available.
This little church connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people will can, from their homes, to take their blood pressure, send them to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, and they regain the control and to be captain of their own boat, but it can also help us care about health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of the costs of medical attention, the death of demand and other issues.
To make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through crowds.
And one of the things we did want to share it with you with a video.
We all have cancer controls in the cars.
Maybe we even have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the automatic boxes are in Masation.
And also where all the gasoline is.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the nearest DNA to help this patient?
We asked ourselves, but nobody knows.
Nobody knew where to get the DNA saving lives right now.
What we did was we did credit in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to do that, you see an DAN -- please send it, tell us where and when it's open, because sometimes they open up in home and others are closed.
And over 10,000 degrees were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the application for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app to Law, augmented reality, to find these DNA.
And every time they are in the city of Masati and someone collapsed, they can use their iPhone, and the next weeks to use their microscope of Microsoft to find the nearest DNA, which can save lives.
And from today, I want to present this one, not just as DNA 42, which is the name of the product, but also as UNASARAP.
And we wish to start it globally.
We are building all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find out, work and act as a center for the DARPA curriculum around the world.
Every time you are in vacation and someone collapsed, it can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DNA.
They could be message services or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that shows is still in place.
Please help us in this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is it photography?
Because, of course, they're photographs that you can't take with your cameras.
My interest for photography woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
It was mixed with my passion before the drawing was a little bit different, but it was a little bit different because when I used the camera the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera -- the process ends up when the pulse is pressures.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place at the right time.
It seemed to me that anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would begin to press the public.
photos like this: a building on a very crowded road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite it, it keeps a level of realistic.
Or pictures like these -- dark and colorful at the time but with the common objective of keeping the reality level.
And when I say really realistic I say photographics.
Because, of course, it's not something that I can capture but I always want it to seem to have been captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea that will capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them seem real?
Is it the details or the colors.
Is the light?
What do you create illusion?
Sometimes illusion is the perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a reality of reality where we take different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here's three perfectly imaginative objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way you can create something that sounds three-dimensional -- as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we scan the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it really doesn't make sense.
And I see the same process by combining pictures.
It really consists of combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture look really like I think they are the ones we don't even think about, the things that surround us in our everyday lives.
But by combining photographs is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will be wrong.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic outcomes.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, they can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of pictures must have the same perspective.
Second, the combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come with these requirements, they were taken to the same height and with the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the principle and the end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is made.
Here's another example.
I might think this is the image of a landscape, and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
So I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas on your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought about this idea in winter I knew that I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle parts.
For example, fish was captured in a fishing journey.
Costs are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone period.
And yes, I even made the house red at the top of the island to look more supernest.
So to make a realistic result I think it takes planning to do.
You always start with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful and at a very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start showing a slide about technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it.
It's a diagram anyone I took from a portfolio mine.
I'm not so interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect of it.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of the RSW microbes versus the power of local area networks.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as many others we tend to see, is a kind of straight line on logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the scale of performance.
Talk about sexual curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird here.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please find the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on logarithmic scales.
The answer is that if I draw them in a normal curve where, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to thank you, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if you will, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a semiot-free curiosity would be very silly -- we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you give a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would move as fast as microbes, past tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technology development technology that every few years provides orders of magnitude.
The question I want to plant is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
One of two things.
Or it will be turned into a typical curve I know like this until it makes something completely different, or maybe doing something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I am optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
If you were like that, now we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line we are in a transition of what used to be the world, to a new form.
So what I try to ask is, what I try to ask and ask you, what is that new way that admires the world?
How new is the world heading?
The transition seems very, very confused if we're embedded in it.
I remember that the future is happening in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see the future remains the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been folded, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
And we can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make much sense to think about 30 or 50 years because everything will be so different than extracting what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it could be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer technology.
Because I think the only way to understand it is taking distance and looking at things in the long term.
The time scale I would like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this picture makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we went back about two billion years when the Earth was a big sterile rock with many chemicals floating around it.
If we look at the way that chemicals were organized we give us an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start understanding the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and it is that, at that time, I had been floating on some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil droplet had a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the drops grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cellular forms, those oil droplet forms.
But those blobs were not alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random chemicals.
And every time they were divided, they had the underlying distribution of the chemicals that they had.
So every single goal was a little different.
In fact, the drops that are somehow spread to be better at the time of incorporating the chemicals -- they grow more and more chemicals and they divide more.
They generally lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things got interesting when these legs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some way that we didn't understand very well these guitarians learned to store information.
They learned to keep information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to register what they were in order to replicate it.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 white dust microbes that I try to hide for the airport people.
But it -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use in this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments, and I amplified it 10 at 22 times.
So if somebody wants 100 million copies of my personal card I have a lot for all the present. In fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If it was an award I would have put it in a virus and it would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy.
But then another great step happened in which things got very different and so that these cells began to exchange and communicate information forming a cell community.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found how to avoid penicillin and put them together to create their little DNA with other bacteria, and now there are many resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave rise to communities that, in a way, were together in it, and they established a synergy.
So they survive or they failed together, or whether a community was very successful all of the individuals in that community were represented and they were favor for evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities got so close, they came together so much, and they decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage we have multi-touch communities, communities of many different cells working together as a single organism.
In fact, we are a multi-tracking community.
We have a lot of cells that don't act alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles or the brain, etc.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than cell phone, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
It's the neural structures.
neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being the responsible structures to record and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that moment as individuals, learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not to the evolutionary time.
So an organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because I knew that the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism because they had built these information processing structures that would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years for the death of individuals who ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those information structures that are greatly accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now happen to an individual.
It could happen in the time needed to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in the head.
I'm here sitting here emitting a few degrees and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confusing, in their heads that I put some analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated we turn it into sound, in sound sequences and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start to work like an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstract.
Now we go by periods similar to the multicellular organisms, we abstract our record methods and presentation and information processing.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The phone, the I.T. -- video tape, the CDI, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to manage that information.
And that puts us into something much larger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microbes.
You saw the evolutionary email of The Sun that produced some evolution with the Comethon Come in front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The next language and so on, they took less than a million years.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is returned, I guess an automatic word is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this cooking explosion.
We see the process returned.
But I won my life designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms that I work to design would not be possible without recent hackers.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that conference machine.
There are thousands of millions.
Instead, with the designers of Tinguementation Machines, we think about a level of abstraction -- we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that you could before before, gets far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I employ methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using is the evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of the microbes.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random instructions.
We say, "Please computer, can you run a hundred million hectares of random instructions, right?
Could you run these sequences of instruction to random, execute all those programs, and take those who are more likely to do what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So we found the programs that are closer to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random instructions of instructions, ordered numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could be able to reach two numbers in the right order.
And I said, computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you did the task do?
Let's take those and let's remove the rest.
And now we played the ones that are best ordered by numbers.
And we went back to reproduce them following a process of analog reconstruction to sex.
Let's take two programs, that they get children, that exchange subsidies, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of products from the combinations of programs that had a little more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
It calls back again.
It has a few mutations in.
And try again and repeat it with another generation.
Well, each generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can do the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that ordered numbers in absolutely perfect ways.
In fact, it's much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't tell how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
It's dark programs, strange programs.
But they have the commercial.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they get the goal because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that they did.
In fact, their lives depend on doing it.
I was once at 747 with Martin Minister and he pulled a card and says, "Look at this.
He says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of parts that work together to offer a safe flight. Don't make you feel stupid?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make different design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than the normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole options that there is.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs to make much faster computers, and so we can run these programs much faster.
I mean, it returns.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so confusing.
Because all these technologies are retreating.
We're sticking out.
And we are at an analog moment to the single-celled organisms when they became multiple.
We are the threats and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the tipping point.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant to our part to think that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think we all are part of the creation of whatever it is.
But now comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I get rid of it.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been writing enough time to allow me to get part of my fake president in that.
Before I treat the subject of my talk, let's talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We are close to the end of the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is filled with amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about coming out "Removed the Rules: talking about statistics and using them to form a big baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300 of a battery that killed 300 dollars.
That means that basic basis effectively, three of the 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game camp without being caught up, and that anyone who tries to launch it to the first base -- don't come in time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts from 10.
Do you know how they call a $300 drill in the Great Lights?
Well, really well, maybe the team of stars.
You know how they call a 400-foot baseball battery?
By the way, that's somebody who is about 10 balls, it adds four.
New Legotta -- as the legendary Ted Williams, the last Piano League player to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's bring this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose they have approaches and they are brought to a surgeon that has also a 400 percent record in the advantages.
That doesn't work, right?
Now suppose they live in a remote place and a loved being has two original corruptions and their family doctor gave it to a cardiologist whose record in analogy is 200 dollars.
But you know what?
She's improving this year.
And their performance has been 257.
This is not working.
But I'll ask you to ask them.
What do you think should be the average of a heart surgeon or a professor or a genetic obstacle?
One, very well.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the events of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them into the world, and I get involved with the manual being perfect.
You know, you never, take a mistake and you can figure out how to do it well.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer observatory.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman was studying to a blood test.
That's why.
I studied in my little device, at the resident of the General General Hospital -- not far from here.
And I learned all of memory.
From my kind of anatomy class, I memorized the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the airplane, the difference that is often different and non-lethal.
And I even knew the differential diagnosis about how to classify the kidney routine activist.
And while it was both more and more knowledge.
And I was very good, I graduated with honor.
And electrons from the medical school with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or most possible, close to everything, because this is how I would be immune from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mr. Rabbage.
I was a resident in a university hospital here, in Toronto, when they brought to Mr. Dragon to the emergency service where I was working.
At that point, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when you get older, you get to a cardiologist I was drawn to that patient.
And you're reporting to the head of residents.
When I saw Mr. Rabbage, I was just laughing.
I heard a solid sound.
And when I was attached, I heard a sound broken on both sides, which tells me a cognitive heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of eating blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give you.
He gave him aspiration and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
He gave him diagrams, water pills so that he could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And there it was when he made the first mistake, he sent her home.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
He sent it to his house without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't raise the phone or did what I should have done, which was to call my boss and do it with him to see it.
And if my boss would have seen it, it would have been able to make complex information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Maybe I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, which could take care of my patients without even contact my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
By sending it to his house, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, "Governor, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I was asking the nurse to take care of Mr. Dragon, "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought, and then he said "today naturally, "Yes, I think I'll be okay."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed up the high, and the ambulance with the paradigms took her to his house.
And I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad performance in the stomach.
I kept my job.
At the end of the day, I packed up to leave the hospital and walk towards parking where my car was to go home. At that time, I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service of the way home.
And there was another nurse, not the one who cared about Mr. Rabbage before, but another one. He told me three words, those three words that most of the emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists also fear them, but there's a particle in engineering and is that we see the patients forming.
The three words is: Do you remember you?
"Do you remember from the patient who sent his house?
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
"Well, she came back, with the same voice.
She was good.
But it came back and on the verge of death.
In the course of an hour of having come home, after I was given the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 1912, and his family brought it to emergency with a pressure of 50 feet of HG: which means a severe shock.
It was barely breathing and blue.
The emergency staff deployed all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the arterial pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was committed and headed to the core.
He had a mixture of feelings because after they stabilize it was in intensive therapy, and he hoped against all hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had a huge brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were resistant to what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let him go. Mrs. Dragon, wife, grandmother.
They say they never forget the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The next week, I was punished by it, and I experienced for the first time the malaria shame that exists in our medical culture and I felt only -- isolated without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the peace and never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The malaria shame I talk about is the one that makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we're bad.
And that felt that.
And it wasn't by my boss -- he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I suggested things and make sure that they wouldn't be demanded.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my head? Why did I send her to his house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make a strong mistake of it?
Why do I choose medicine.
Slowly that feeling was discussing.
And I started feeling better.
And in one day, the sky was opened and finally came out the sun, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I did a deal with me in which if I was writing the efforts to be perfect for not to commit more errors, it would make those voices character.
And so it was.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, it was help in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25-year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy and supported.
He was going down here.
I looked at his throat -- it was a little bit connected.
He wrote penicillin and sent him to his house.
But while he ran to the door he kept pointing out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my guardian change, my boss asked to talk to me completely in his office.
And he made the three words: Do you remember you?
Remember the patient who saw for a pain in the garden?
Well, he came back and he didn't have a strategic favorite.
He had a potentially deadly approach called chippers.
You can look for it in Google. It's an infection, not of the throat, but the upper air goes up, and that can cause the closing of those tracks.
He was fortunately, he didn't fail.
You get antibiotics to go intense and recover at a few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and rippetes, then I got up and came back to work, until it happened again and again, and again.
Two times in the same trial of emergency -- not super-worth addition.
And it's a big effort, especially working in a hospital, because it goes to 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's been a discussion.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation of it.
They ordered a ritual X-ray -- but it turned out a normal red, a colleague that was checking the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right corner and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
He ordered him liquid to restrict and asked my colleague to check it.
You see it and when you notice a certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand border, I called the surgeon.
They were both operated and they recovered well.
But every case, I was strengthened by it.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst mistakes in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a better.
The most significant ones have been for the last five years.
Just supportive and supportive.
And here's the problem: If I can't release myself and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues.
How do I teach you this so you don't eat the same mistakes.
If I would go into a place like this, I had no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard somebody talking about failure, after failure, after failure.
Of course in a party you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear somebody talk about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues also, that a skeleton in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that you can't sleep, and those who do have very great outcomes and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, like antibodies that start to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years about 20 years and medical journalism, I've made a personal study of bad medical practice and medical errors to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Toron to my program, "Women County, Black Art."
And what I learned is that mistakes are original.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 drugs prescribed in the hospital are wrong, or disability is not right -- in a system where hospital-acquired infections are increasingly and more numerous by providing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 Americans die for preventable medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000 thousand.
In both cases, it is about commercial substitutions, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiplied every two or three years, and we don't get wet.
sleep deprivation.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect story of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, it comes up with local eyes and wind on alcohol and suddenly my story is about aware.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot. I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relate their symptoms in the same way.
For all this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as they taught us, and we eliminated all the professional professionals to mistake, well, not left.
And with respect to people don't want to talk about their most serious cases.
In my program, "The white Delhi, black art -- it's a cost to say, "This is my worst error." I would tell everybody, from the paradigms to the heart of heart surgery -- this is my worst mistake, blah blah blah blah blah -- "What are your mistakes -- and I will direct the microphone to them.
And their students would stop, they would go down, they would go down the head and they would go out and start to tell their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say, "Look, don't eat the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a reductional medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefined doctor is human -- you know human, you accept it, and you don't proud of your mistakes, but you get effort to learn what happened to teach others.
I share your experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It pointed out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings direct the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes at the time.
My name is Brian Goldi.
I'm a reductional doctor.
I'm human, I eat mistakes.
And I feel so much but I strive to learn something that can convey others.
I don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions do we take one day one?
You know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey to more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that say to choose a average American. It's about 70 to day.
It doesn't do a lot, in an investigation followed for a week to a group of business presidents in a week.
The researchers were registered by the different tasks that were represented by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, 130 jobs are a week.
Naturally, every work included many minimals.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to the nine minutes, and how many of an hour of an hour?
How do you heat the way you handle those decisions.
Today I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of the actual -- choose to pick up the opposite of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
In another way, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please give a palm.
And now my first question of the day, are you ready to hear about the problem of the opposition of choices.
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I often found this very high level supermarket. At least in that time it was very sophisticated.
It was called Dragon.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and video, over 500 different types of fruits and vegetables and about 25 percent bottled water, and this was when we were taking water from the graph.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I wondered, why never buy anything?
This is the silence of the olive oil.
They had more than 75 different classes, including those who were in a sealed box that came from thousands of thousands of them.
I once decided to visit the manager and asked him, "Did this strategy work for all these options?
He pointed to me the buses full of tourists coming up every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the memories.
Call.
They had 350 different classes.
We installed a post to leave, right at the entrance of the store.
We put up there of six flavors of six, or 24 different flavors and we looked at two things: First of all, what case were people willing to stop testing the member?
More people stopped when there were 24, 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a member of memory.
Here we found the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy memory.
From the ones that stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent of them bought memory.
If we do the math, people had six times more likely to buy memory if they found six, that if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy memory probably makes us -- it is good to preserve the line, but it turns out that the problem of the operation of choices affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the issue of the day, the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study I did with Guard Hall, Emmend Karene and Neil Jane, where we see the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans of this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds of funding available in savings plans for retirement plans -- the 400 program, triggered people to save for the future.
And we found that there was actually a correlation there.
We had 656 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the greater the number of foreign funds, there were less participation.
So if you look at the extremes -- you see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 or more, not as tall as you will.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to the perception rate.
It turns out even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate -- the greater the number of choices, the more people would be used to avoid actions or investment funds.
In the way there were more choices, they were more willing to invest in financial accounts.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones we will remember to optimize future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely is that they ask the decision, that they apply it even when this goes against the interest.
They are more likely to make the worst decisions in finance and health.
They are more likely to choose things less satisfying -- even though they obviously get better.
The main reason is that we get to look at that giant variety of massive, mustard and invitation and memory, but we are not able to do the calculations to compare and contract and choose that amazing exhibit of it.
Today I want to propose to you today for four simple techniques that we've attached, in a way or another, in different research, so that they can rehearse in their business.
The first is, Court.
You've heard it before, but it's never been more true than today, which less is more.
People are always annoyed when I say, "Comethan."
They worry about losing space in the anger.
But actually what we're seeing more and more is that if you decide to cut, you can get rid of strange choices, there will be an increase in the sales -- you will go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Process & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Sheller Showers to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Goldman Cath Corporation eliminated the products for cats of cats that were less solved, the uses in 87 percent, by two causes -- bigger sales and less costs.
You know that today's supermarkets, in average offer 50,000 products.
In a Waller store, about 100,000 products.
But the ninth largest store in the current world is Alabama and offers only 140 products -- a kind of tomato sauce in talent.
In the world of financial savings -- I think one of the best examples that have come up on how we better handle the choices is David Laboratorian -- the Harvard program.
All the Harvard employees are automatically integrated to a life insurance fund.
The people who really want to choose, they offer 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut up.
They're all important choices.
The first thing I do is I ask employees: "Tell me the differences that there are among those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate but you can't do it your clients."
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking with Gard.
He told me that I would be willing to offer people in this audience a few holidays with all paid to the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give me an applause if you're ready to take Garden offer.
(Audience: Okay. Anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
Isn't that more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think it actually agreed to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second one, but I can come up and say that the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to manage the problem of choice opening, which is Control.
So that people understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that the consequences must feel very vital, very concrete ways.
Why are people spending 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when they use cash cards.
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out to make it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shanda Benjamin and Alexander President, about the staff of INTER functions, that they worked on INTECR, these people were in a meeting where they were being affected by a 401 plan.
To that meeting, we thought exactly as we used it, we did a little addiction.
What we added was we applied to the staff to think about the positive things that happened in their lives if they were saving more money.
With this minute there was an increase in the Africans of 20 percent and an increase in the amount that were interested in saving or what they wanted to put on their savings account.
The third technique is Classic.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the Western supermarkets across the edge of the Norden correspondent, magazines can contain from 330 different types to 166.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two exhibitions of jewelry.
One is called "Jack and the other, "Subway."
If you think the one on the left is Switzerland, and the one on the right is Japan, you give a palm.
(Audiences -- well, there's a few.
If you think the one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Switzerland, you give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Jack and the one on the right is Switzerland. But you know what?
This classic scheme is totally useless.
categories have to indicate something to who choose, not when they define them.
You often see this problem with those huge fingers of funds.
Do you say who are you informing?
My fourth category: Condition complexity.
It turns out that we can manage much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's look at a complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German manufacturer of cars that allow us to make it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions.
Colors, outside of the car. I have 56 possibilities.
Modern, box of changes -- four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order where decisions appear.
So half the clients are going to go from many choices, 56 colors, a few boxes.
The other half of customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to do?
How involved you are.
If you do it always the defense button in every decision -- this indicates that you're overwhelmed -- you are losing them.
We found that those who go from a lot of choices at the time, they click the button over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few options to many, they continue there.
Same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order in which information is present.
If we start with it, you learn to choose it.
Although the pick of changes is not saying anything about the preferences of inner decoration.
We are excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
So to sum up.
I have talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of option operation: Court, eliminate other strange alternatives -- continue, make it real. Classically, we can handle more categories with less options -- to make complexity.
All these techniques that I've presented were designed to help manage alternatives -- or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are serving.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is being careful by choice.
And the more careful we are in our choices better we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Eastern Germany, if you had a typewriter machine, you had to register it to the government.
And I had to register an example of an example of writing with the machine.
And this is so that the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a writer with the wrong message you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't think that someone could do this, how much this would limit freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser piece laser from any big manufacturing and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow piles on every page that follow a pattern that makes them themselves.
That's happening today.
And nobody seems to fit a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems in the network.
If you look at what's going on in the online world, we can hit the attacks according to their attacks.
There are three main groups.
They're the citizens.
Like Mr. Dimitri Goliath in the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use chimpanzees to earn a lot of money, huge amounts of money.
There are really many cases of millions online, multiplexists, who won money with their attacks.
This is Valentina Tasmanian, from Tamil, State.
This is Alfred Governove.
This is Stephen Watton.
This is Burean Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson: Earth Albert and etc., etc.
These guys do their strengths online, but they do it by illegal means by illegal media to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy an infected computer.
The secret of the United States, two months ago, freezes the Swiss account of this Mr. Sam, and this account had 14 million dollars when he was frozen.
Mr. Jane, sugar slow -- he takes his brick off.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us is victim of a civil crime that is a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes wrong.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not driven by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have collapsed over the last 12 months, occupying a paper stuck in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: criminals that do for money, hackers like Anonymous who do it to protect and the last group are the national states, the governments they attack.
And then we see cases like Dicking.
That's a good example of government attacks against its own citizens.
Dicking is a certificate authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
Deception was the last fall, because of a sanitation.
They support the safety of the site and they had permanent chimpanzee.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with representatives of the Dutch government, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Dicking.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of this?
Dicking is a certified authority.
They sell certified.
What do the chemotherations look for?
Well, you need if you have a website with hearts, service self-assembled services, services like Guardia.
Except that you have a foreign certified authority.
And they emit applied certificate.
And in the case of Dicking happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the sake of the building, they found a lot of papers.
And among those papers was this card called "Bigue."
And within that folder, there were notes of a firm company in Germany who had sold the Egyptian government tools to intercept large-scale communications in the country.
They had sold this tool for 280,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company is right here.
It is, Western governments provide tools to totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also doing this themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, he found the Swiss translator, a transportation used by German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interconnected.
But today it's going further.
The Internet connection.
They will use even tools like the Sweden Torah to infect our computer with a drone to allow them to see all the communication, and listen to the online discussions to get our data.
When we think deeply about things like this obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad -- but actually it doesn't affect me because I'm an honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in the privacy.
Privacy is not discussed.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we get back today, will be forever.
Would we be blindly confident in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about over the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi has no close to the most part of the south, which means that wild animals like certificates migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like the lions -- follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the ones that killed at night, and as soon as we got up in the morning and found it dead I felt very bad because it was the only stage we had.
My community, the masses, we think we come from the sky with our animals and all the land to punish them, and that's why we value it so much.
So I grew up to hate the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock and they're also annoyed with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think that's why there is so few in the National Park.
A child in my community, from six to nine years, is responsible for the livestock of his father and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid of.
But I realized that it didn't actually serve it, because it would even help lions see the bone stable.
I didn't give up. It continued.
A second idea was to use a space.
I was trying to deceive lions to believe that I was near the state.
But the lions are very clever.  They came the first day and saw the space, and they went back and they said, this thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stadium with a torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch. I got a switch that I would learn and shut up the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken flashlight.
I armed everything.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supply the electricity to the small individual box. I call it a transformation.
And the individual box makes the lights go off.
As you can see, the light bulb goes out, because that's where lions come from.
And this is how the lions see it when they come at night.
The lights go down and get the lions to think that I'm walking around the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never had trouble with lions.
And the house of the neighborhood heard the idea.
One of them is from this grandmother.
She had killed her many animals and asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
You put them. You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by the entire Kenya, to encourage other predators like heights, leaders, and it's also used to escape elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So a year ago, I was just a kid in the stairs of the savanna pushing the cows of my father, and I used to see airplanes flying and told me that someday I would be inside of one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to become an engineer of aviation and pilot when it grows up.
I used to hate lions -- but now as my invention is saving the cows of my dad and the lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Ash one. What in my tongue means thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you got a scholarship. Richard Turkey, yes.
CA: You're working in other electric inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RG: My next invention is -- I want to make an electric fence -- CA: A close electricity?
RG: I know that they were already invented the electric closests, but I want to do mine.
CA: So you try once once, right? And you -- RA: I've tried it before, but I stopped because I got a call.  CA: On the foot of the candy. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage each step that you have, friend me.
Thank you very much. RS: Thank you very much.
When I was little, I thought my country was the best of the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "The Nonethen Northern."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Israel story, but we never learned a lot of the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Although sometimes I wondered about the rest of the world, I thought that I would spend my whole life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor and I was never hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister of my sister.
That he said, "When you read this, the five members of the family will stop being in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two weeks.
We're rewarded together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, that we're prepared to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible I can't erase from my memory.
One woman without life was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves and their families.
A huge famine, drag North Korea in the middle of the 1990s.
In the end, over a million Norwegians died during famine and only few survived eating grass, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cut, all around me was completely dark at night by the lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and not.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Garry River, which serves the boundaries between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very good at certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secretly.
But many die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I only thought I would be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life as a North refugee would be.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because North refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be replaced to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Someone had been accused for me to be normal, so I looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and sports.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation a officer told another one, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for foreign embryos.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and department.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These norms didn't get so much lucky.
Every year, Northern Northwest are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they are tortured or imprisoned or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to climb out, many other Koreans have not had so much luck.
It's tragic that the Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all its world can be taken in a second.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to risk myself going to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Associating in South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South too.
We're all Koreans, but in the inside, we've come to be very different because of 67 years of divide.
Even a crisis of identity.
Am I a surrounding or a North Northern?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country I could call with pride myself.
Although adapting to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan. I started studying for the university exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
The authorities in North Korea would intercept some money that sent my family, and as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to the force to a location in the outside.
They had to run away.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
Norms have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So ironically, I took a flight to China and I ran into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, in some way, for over 3,000 miles across China and then across Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we almost went caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked the identity, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer approached my family, I immediately stood up and I told him that they were a professor that I was activated.
I looked at myself, but fortunately I believed it.
We did all the way to the Laden border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lashi.
But even after I passed my border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the freedom of illegal.
After paid and bright, my family was released in a month.
But in time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the Laden capital.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything for releasing my family, and we were so close to my family, but my family was held in a short prison of the South Korean Embassy.
I went and came between the immigration office and the police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribe or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man ask me, "What is the problem?
I was so surprising that a stranger would care about questions.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two norms and to get them out of prison.
I thank him with all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?"
"I'm not helping you, he told me.
"I'm helping the North Longer."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The lovely unknown symbolizes a new hope for me, and for the North people when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of the unknown, and the support of the international community are really the rays of hope that the North people need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving its freedom is only half the battle.
Many Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or nothing of money.
So we can benefit from the international community, with education, English language, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue in contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've gotten a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help norms an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Northern transforming around the world, including on the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central City.
This is Central South," crash stores, fast food, ball land.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of the South Center to represent something else, so they changed the South Angeles, as if this would fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is the South Angeles --  stores, fast food, ball land.
Like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, Los Angeles Center, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that food places to make kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curious diseases in Los Angeles Central Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times larger than, let's say, Beverly Hillis who is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happen.
And I wondered, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you come out of your house you see the harmful effects that the current food system has in your neighborhood?
I see chairs of compressed wheelchair and sold as a car use.
I see quotes of dilliation wandering like Stars.
And I think this must stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
And I'm also tired of driving 45 minutes of ground, and it goes back to buy a apple that has no pesticides, which is not personalized.
What I did is I planted a forest of food in front of my house.
In a land of land that we call a garden.
It's 45 meters three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said, "Well, I can do what I get in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it."
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Grounds, we put together and we started planting our food forest -- fruit trees -- you know, nine complete vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of a group paid by the gardens of all of the processes, all of the city and completely voluntary and everything we do is free.
And the garden was beautiful.
And then somebody complained it.
And the city gets me on top of it, and in summary, they gave me a city saying that I had to withdraw my garden -- the city became a court order.
And I was like, "Come on, really?
A court order for planting food on a piece of land that no one matters?  So I was like, "Well, let's get it."
Because this time wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lewis, and he talked to the competition and one of Green Grounds members who put a petition in Chango, with 900 senses, we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My competition even called to say they were replaced and worship what we were doing.
I mean, we go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more bad barriers.
It has 68 miles of ball ground.
That's 20 Parkers Central.
That's enough space to plant 727 million tomato plants.
Why do you not look good about this?
Growing a plant will give you a little bit, 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give you 75 dollars of outcome.
It's my son, when I tell people, grow your own food.
Growing your own food is like print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for South Central Center.
I grew up there. I raised my children there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me by others, and I'm going to make my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti. I grow my art.
Such as an artist of graffiti -- that we have walls, I shake soil, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and plants and trees, are my excitement of that canvas.
You would be surprised to see what the land can do, if you let your canvas.
You simply can't imagine how amazing a virus is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I am a witness of how my garden became a tool of education, and the transformation of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how it affects kids.
Gardening is the most therapeutic and potential act that they can do, especially in a urban.
Also, they get cold.
I remember one occasion, who came a mother and his daughter, they were like the 1030s, and they were in my garden and I went out and looked very closely.
I, well, man, I felt wrong that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Did you don't fear that people are going to steal your food?
And I say, "Oh God no, I don't fear you're going to steal it."
So it's on the street.
That's what it is about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to take your health.
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee for the anger of Los Angeles.
They were these guys, which helped me download the truck.
It was great, I was shared with their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Grounds has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in volunteer plan.
If the kids grow up, the kids will eat a tail.
If you grow tables, you eat tables.  But if none of this is taught you, if you're not taught how the food affects your mind and your body, you eat blind things you put in front of you.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're stuck. I see color kids that are on this path designed for them, that don't take them anywhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity where we can train these kids who are encouraging their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington, Carolina.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never do it.
Now this is one of my plans -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same stamp.
I want to take container and turn them into healthy categories.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability, you have to study it.
And what I talk about is to put the people working for people, bring kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want all of you to become economic residents, suspense, suspective gardens, self-assembly.
We have to change the script of what's a suspended.
If you're not a garden, you're not a suggestion.
You know, that the consumers take their classroom right?
That is its weapon of choice.
In sum if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about doing some shit, to talk about doing some shit.
If you want to see me, they come to the garden with their stick so that we can plant something.
Peace. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Audience (subject (Audience:  You probably everybody will agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of a platform, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days as today, where it takes a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that saves.
And especially if you're riding in your bike and these cars go on, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make perfect asphalt roads.
The porous, a material that we use now in most of the roads of the Netherlands, has pores and water can move through it, so all the rain water will flow up to the sides and have a road for which it's easy to drive, and they won't jump water again.
The noise will also disappear.
Because it's very hot, all noise will disappear, so it's a very silent road.
It also has disasters, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What is it to get rid of it? You see that in this road the stones of the surface comes out.
First of all, a stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But you can hurt your barrels, and you're not going to be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bumps with that.
Oh. It's ready.
Babbages, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can really see how the damage comes up in this material.
It's a porous, as I said, so it only has a little bit of appeal between the stones.
Because of the interconnection, the ultraviolet light to the exposure, this blood, this baby, the glue between the edges is encouraged, and if you get into it, you will do microbes and separate from the adopters.
So if you drive through the road, you will take the adopters -- as we saw it here.
In order to solve this problem, we think of robotics materials.
If we can make this material robot, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean savings, and we can cut the steel wool in very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the baby.
So we have asphalt with little bits of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- a measurement machine.
The indication can be heated, especially steel is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel down, melt the baby, the baby flow through these microbes and the stones will go back to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big engineering machine here on stage.
The microwave horizon is a similar system.
I put the sample, which now I'm going to go up to see what happened.
This is the sample that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, they really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's really interesting. We have to try.
So they gave us a piece of roads, 400 feet from the ACLA highway, where we had to do a trial cart to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the test test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples of this road, and we tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, we would take them back then with our engineering machine, and we repeated them and we went back again.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can tell you that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy of the road surface to actually increase the life of the road surface -- you can even double the life of the surface. It really will save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before you can show you how the repair act.
But I'm going to do a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember waking up one morning with the sound of the window in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News, in his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news generally depends.
"The Taliban were gone, I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see that my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I will never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban moved from Afghanistan and made the girls go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a kid to hide my older sister who could no longer be alone outside to go to a secret school.
It was the only way that we could both educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in the market so that it would seem that we were going to buy it.
The school was in a house, more than 100 of us taught in a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we fought our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban were supportive.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were we following us?
Did you know where we live?
We were the terrifying thing, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very lucky to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters a territory.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total information of a remote province from Afghanistan. He insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father repeated him.
But my mother educated became a teacher.
This is it.
It will retire two years ago, just to convert our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of all his family in getting education.
There was no doubt that his children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a greater risk not to educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban. I remember that there were times that I was very frustrated by our life and was always scared and he didn't see a future.
I wanted to give up, but my father said, "Been my daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force you to leave your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue?
I am 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the background, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud of graduating in Morogwh College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, who was removed from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to congratulate him.
He wasn't just accessible from my university degree, but also that I was the first woman, and I am the first woman who took it on the streets of Kabul.
My family believes in me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1960, a global campaign to educate women.
It's why I cofounded SATPA, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
What's exciting is I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like my own, advocate for them, to weigh and even in front of a daunting option.
Like American. It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Amazon is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from Salarch to his village, and literally they were chosen to be killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When he arrived at his house, they are the phone, a voice warned him that if he kept sending her daughter to school, he would try again.
"Give me now, if you want to say, "But not harm my daughter's future for his old and replaced ideas.
What I've given you from Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and seeing that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers have not been key to our success.
In fact, they often are the first compelling interventions of the brilliant future of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban -- the girls who went to school are told in hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear that these changes don't last long after the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, that they encourage them, I see a professional future and a durable change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hopeful hope, and every day the girls of SOPA remember it.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I never forget the words of my grandmother who died in the explanation, "Henth, resistant Gabby. struggled against him.
But you never become a Galura's reverse revolution."
They have spent almost two years since the release revolution inspired by the opens of mass moves both of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with a lot of other liberal citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a factory day and start a revolution against the tourist regime.
And we did it. It was a big revolution.
Women and young men were in the forefront and demanding the fall of the regime, carrying freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example of the fraction of the drawing of Galileo dictatorship in Gabby.
They've shown a big sense of solidarity from the Middle East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war, and some loss of about 50,000 dead, we managed to liberate our country and defeat the story.
However, Gaddafi left a burden card, a legacy of train, corruption and altruism seeds.
For four decades, the tourist regime of Gabby destroyed infrastructure, culture and the moral structure of free society.
Conscious of the devastation and the challenges, I've loved -- as many other women, rebuild liberal civil society, demanding an inclusive and fair transition towards democracy and national reconciliation.
It was set up about 200 organizations in Benjamin during -- and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Tricera.
After a period of 33 years of exile. After a 30-year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a single exciting, I started organizing workshops about the development of capabilities and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women we founded the Platon of Women Liberty for the Peace -- a movement of women, leaders -- very diverse orientation, to advocate by the social autonomy of women and for our equal participation right in the building of democracy and peace.
I found myself with a very difficult environment in the corporate period, an environment that was increasingly polluting, which is more and more pollenly, which is model of the selfish selfish policies.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won 17 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, little bit of the electron of elections and revolution as a whole, they were disappearing, every day we found news of violence.
One day we wake up with the news of the profit of old mosques and Sufi tables.
Another day I took up with the news of the American ambassador, and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we wake up with the news of the official officers in the Army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and its continuing violation of the human rights of prisoners and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is more polarized and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
The intuition, the exclusion and the consumption became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you with our history of the success of the "come and the elections.
Rather, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Libya.
Was the being crowded and advertising between candidates and candidates brought peace and national recording?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still polluting and dominated with selfish political policies and exclusion.
Maybe what missing was not just women, but the feminine values of compassion, merciful and inclusion values.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the choices needed to be, which only reinforced polarization and division alone.
Our nation needs the quantitative representation of the female more than need the natural and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as an indicator agents and calling the anger days.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We have to develop a female speech, that not just honor but also put the mercy practices rather than revenge. collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, shattered by war, needs desperately in order to achieve peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that deals with interaction and alternatives between female perspectives and males.
That's the real beer.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a society.
According to the Koran Corner Server -- it's the word of the missionary God -- electronic, compassion."
At the same time, the word "Rayball: which is known in all corporate traditions -- it has the same root in Arabic that the word "Ray -- synchronized the female and material -- that would fit all the humanity that men and women, that all the tribes and all the peoples have examined.
And so, just like the uterus is completely covering the embryo, which grows in, the divine matrix of the compassion of the whole existence.
This is how we tell you, "My mission takes all the things."
This is how we tell you, "My mission prevalence about my arm."
Everybody is given the grace of the mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an uncomfortable question, which has an equally clever answer.
This is about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody does always, why is she left?
Why was anyone going to stay with a man who paints her one?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I had just been told at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writer and editor in the Seventh magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green card American Explosed, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, who created my twin soul, I would put my head on the head with a gun.
The man, when I loved anyone in this world, I put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of "Los Love Love: a psychological trap. It is a love defeated, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could be his story.
I don't look like a typical superconductor of domestic violence.
I'm a license in English at Harvard University, and I have a MBA in marketing.
I've spent most of my career working for Fortune 500 companies, among the Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burry and The Washington Post.
I took almost 20 years married with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black worker and drove an Orioto Honor Orion.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races -- all the religions and the education levels.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the evil are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interdependence and long duration -- or said otherwise, in the families, the last place where we want or expect to find violence, reason why domestic abuse is so unfair.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who painted him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22 years old, and in the United States, the women between 16 and 24 years of age have three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples and boys and abusive husbands in the United States.
I was also a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, its warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congress in a cold and rainy night of January.
I was sitting next to my side in New York subway and started floating with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he was also just getting rid of a university of the Indian Leader and working in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most about that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and that looked like a kid in the field.
I had a big model like apples and a shirt round hair, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things he made Condom, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it mostly at the beginning of a piece of pieces.
We started coming out, and I loved all of my me, which was a list, that I had gone to Harvard, that I had passion to help teenage girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
I had believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And it was so that the literature in that prestigious school and work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much importance for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any domestic violence relationship is to self and to make the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner so I accepted my job, I quit my work and Congress and I were together in Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a logic love," which was entering head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how she reacts it.
And this is where they go into the scene that those clues.
As soon as we moved to New England you already know, that site where I assume that I had to feel so safe was bought three pieces.
He had it in the harbor of the car.
Another lady under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those clues because of the trauma that lived from a little living.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those stories actually were a message for me, and even though I had never lifted my hand, my life was already in the danger -- every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
They were seven in the morning, and I still had the camera.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's board and married me with him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure that we would live happily forever, because I loved her, and he also wanted me a lot.
And I was very, very represented.
It simply felt very headlined by the wedding and for the fact to form a family with me.
It had been an isolated accident, and I was never going to make it anymore.
I spent twice as much as our honey moon.
The first time I was driving up to a secret beach and lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I bounce over several times against the car sandwich.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, ran through the traffic and threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Congo continued to give me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One of three American women is a domestic violence victim at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control reported that every year 15 million children are married, 15 million.
So I actually had very good company.
Going back to my question: Why do I get there?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, fell in love with a profoundly entranced man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Connection to face their democracy.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't you just get it?
Why didn't I go? I could have been at any time.
For me this is the saddest and the most painful question that people do, because we victims, we know something that normally you are ignored: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a marker.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is to kill it.
More than 70 percent of the rainwater in cases of domestic violence are happening after the victim has been end to the relationship, after maintaining, because then the overwhelming has no anything to lose.
Other repeats include the permanent access, even after the overwhelming has come back to married, financial resources, and manipulation of the family court system to arrest the victim and their children, who are normally forced by judges to spend no time who would spend their mother.
And yet we continue to ask why not simply isn't it?
I was able to be able to go, because of one last little bit I was wearing my denial.
I realized that the man I loved so much, I would have killed if he had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody the world: the police, to my neighbor, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotype to victims like stomach headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question, "Why is it left?
For some people it's a way of saying "The guilt is their for staying: as if the victims we will be able to fully choose to fall out of men who want to destroy us.
But since I published "Los Love Love: I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also expressing, who learned an impossible lesson of what happened to them and reported their lives.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence.
I went back to marry a man and a lovely man and we have those three children.
I have that black warm, and also that minimum.
What I'm not going to do is have never more, ever, is a password pink pointing to my head in somebody who says it wants me.
At this point, you are thinking, "Hi, that's fascinating. Or "Hi, what the dumb was, but all this time I actually have been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, the ones that are listening to me right now, that they're being married or that they were from little or they're adults themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just a single thing in silence.
They have the power to end domestic violence simply throwing light over it.
victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the evil to the light talking about it with his kids, their coworkers and their friends and family.
They give up their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to connect consciously, to slow up their scale and show the victims a safe stick.
Together, we can convert our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oasis that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years ago.
And I feel like right now, there's an awkward tension in the room because it shouldn't have been dressed like this.  Luckily, I've brought clothes to change.
This is the first clothing shift on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to prove it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they got up, they don't have to tell them now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These guys are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part of it is to pass this sweater through the head, because it's when you're going to laugh at me, so don't do anything while you cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it's also surface.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I never had a girlfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable and the photographer told me that I would write the back, and I would take the hair out of the boy.
Of course, I save surgery or an artificial joke like the one I made two days ago for the work, there is very little that we can do to transform our looks, which, even though superficial and immunity, has a big impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being courageous means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my workforce, that's being a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always do me, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how do you get model?
And I always say, "A gain discovered, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became model is because I won the genetic lottery. And I'm the benefit of a heritage and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we have not only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry -- which are biologically programmed to admit -- we also associate it to a high and spinal season, to the feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage that I have known to do to make money.
And I know that there are people in the audience who are now showing scale, and maybe there are some love lovers that say, I hope, there are Namibia, Terzzime, Joan Smiths, Lou Well.
First of all, happy to know so much about models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York City told each and every single model in the runway, and from the 767 controlled models, only 27 percent, is to say, less than four percent, weren't white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Can it be model when it's greater?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't love that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet or an innocent heart surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, still insisted, no, no, no, I want to be model, then I say, "I know my baby.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the head of the Redwood Victor magazine or the ECX executive director or the next Steven Meising.
To say that most of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiac surgery, it can be summed up right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you have done your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs to your backs, no longer matter what you say, is to say, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum says, "Plane of clothes for 10 years, people would look weird.
The next question that people are always doing is if all photos are collecting.
And yes, they basically get all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture they took me, and also the first time I used a biomechanics, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know we're entering the personal land, but it was a girl.
And so I looked at my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am on a lossest party a few days before the photos for French Voice.
Here I am with my football team and the magazine V.
And this is me at the time.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creation of a group of professionals, pilots, machines, photographers and statistics, and all their help and pressure people and proposition, and they get this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always ask me is: Do you get free things?
I have too much tasks of 20 inches and I never use, except the last couple but the privilege I get are the ones I get in the real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a grocery store, and I forgot to bring money, and they gave me free dress for free.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a driver driver, and he jumped up a red season, and of course, they stood up, and he was sorry, and he had a sorry, agents to be able to continue to drive.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their aspects without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, from the 140,000 teenagers who were stopped and record -- 86 percent were black and Latino and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 young black people in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times would you stop me?
By researching for this talk, I found out that 35 percent of the 19-year-olds in the United States don't like their body, and that number is elevated by 78 percent to 17 percent.
So the last question that people ask me is: How is the life of a model?
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit more thin and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative people, ingenious and passionate people.
And that's all true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask yourself, you have some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier.
They only have to meet with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the clothes, but probably be the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to retain from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable when you recognize the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
Photography has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 most precious pictures -- and I wasn't who I was wearing them.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no opportunity to repeat photos -- even a minimum care of lighting.
In fact, most of them put them into random tourists.
My story begins when, finding me in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter at the day of his first birthday. That's the 57 and the five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife told me, why don't you take Kevin to New York in a partner trip and you continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists that were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering camera to a complete stranger is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever fled with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much we would change the life this journey.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day so that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way of stopping time in a week of October and making us reflect on our time and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all senses.
Because, even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes my daughter to new grasses, and I can see life through his eyes and how it perceives and interacts with everything.
That concrete time that we spend together is something that we hope with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips -- we were walking around, when suddenly it was stopped in dry and pointed out a red piece of the wrist store that leaves small in previous visit.
And he described what had felt at the age of five feet in that same place.
I started to remember his heart to be painful by seeing that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York are universities, because it's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created are the memories.
So I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memory creation.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the family pictures.
I'm always the one that brings the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to go up in the picture, and you don't want to get to somebody and ask yourself, "Do you take a picture of us?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The bubbles are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It also has been associated with Disney laughter as mental characters, stupid, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press laughter, applause and academics are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment.  The parallels don't help prevent the spread of disease.
It's hardly monolier.   They're far away from extractive.  And my favorite, the bubbles have better presence    There are two types of buttons on this planet.
There are the New World bubbles that are mainly found in the Americas, like the planets and the characters, and the Burgling World Buts where we have 16 species -- from these 16, 11 facing a high risk of extinction.
So why are the bubbles important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services, Limbiam.
They're our natural garbage records.
They clean the cadavers up to bone.
They help kill all the bacteria -- help absorb the anthrax that they were not for them to be extended and would cause huge losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no buttons, the carcasses take three to four times more time in decorative, and this has huge ramifications in the spread of disease.
The Bhutanese also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with the ancient Egyptian culture.
Nevan was the symbol of the prototype and the maternity and, along with the copper competition, they would stabilize the unit between the Alto and the U.K.
In Indian mythology. Japanese was the bump god -- and he risked his life to save the Disney Dance devil of the 10 Randigan dense.
In the Tibetan culture, they do some very important settlements of open sky -- in places like Tree, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these bits provide a natural elimination system.
What's the problem with buttons?
We have eight species of buttons in Kenya, of which six are in extreme threat of extinction.
The reason is that they're being sent, and the reason they are being poisoned is because there are conflicts between humans and the face. Participatory communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the bubbles are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of buttons are on the critical list of extinction danger -- which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they have the pressure of livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dickington.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India, and they've taken a position.
Since there are no buttons, there has been a spread in the number of street dogs in the masses of charges, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge rooftop time bomb -- the number of cases of rage has increased enormously in India.
And Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 350 adventures are going to be above the Turkey lake.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They are birds of birds.
In Western Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead bubbles to serve the flu and the metal market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds. We're putting them transparent.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focusing on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments on regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the buttons, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that provide it.
How can you help? It can become active -- noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell you, we have to focus on these very unprecedented creatures -- to donate their time to spread the word.
When they come out of this room, they will be informed about buttons, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors on the bumps.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them fly without effort, without energy spending in the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally, my life -- has been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
From 1973, to 1977, I looked at young --  I worked in Zambia.  I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Costa and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for a Italian NGO and every project we set up in Africa.
And I was perfectly.
I thought, at the age of 21, the Italians were good and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we did is we were angry.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Wonders of Zero," was a project where we Italians decided to teach people in Zambia.
So we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Zero River, and we teach local tomatoes to grow Italian tomatoes and salaries, and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they didn't get out.  We were amazed that the local valley, in such a fragile valley, had no agriculture.
However, instead of asking him how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  Just in time to save people's Zambian people.
And of course, everything in Africa is growing beautiful.
We got these magnificent shots. In Italy, a tomato grew up to this size. In Zambia, this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the non-sounder, "Look how easy agriculture is.
When the tomatoes were beautiful, mature and red, overnight.
And the names said, "Yes, that's why we don't have any agriculture here.  "Why didn't they say, "You never asked.
I thought we were just the Italians we ate errors in Africa, but then I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and then you see what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed hypothetical.
They had to see the waste --  You should see the waste that we gave them to the people who are in Africa.
She wants to read a book, read "Hello Dead Dead Man: American economics.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've brought the African continent two million dollars over the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the damage that the money has caused it.
Just read your book.
Bring it out of an African woman, the damage we've done.
Westerners are imperative, colonial missions, and we treat people only in two ways, or the patterns, or we are patent.
The two words come from the Latin Patrient race," which means father."
However, they mean two different things.
Patriotic, I treat any of a different culture as if they were my kids. "I want a lot of you."
Patriother, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the white in Africa are called "Bono: head.
That book gave me a box in the face -- "The little thing is beautiful: written by Schumble, who said by about all economic development, if people don't want to be help, dollars alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is respecting it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can you imagine a city that is not a neuroscientist?
I decided at the age of 27 just to respond to people, and I invented a system called Fifther Force Company where you never start anything, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a local passion, the normal of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? It's street.
You never get to a community with an idea, and you sit with the people in the local local.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a cafe. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we find out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give you an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what is it going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that the man has for his own personal growth is the most important.
And then we help them find knowledge because no one in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, we heard them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
Entrepreneurs never attack, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, what opportunities have identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face -- you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the company of the company, the business doctor, which is established with you in your house, in your kitchen table, in your coffee, and that helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of making your life.
I started this as a test in hope, the city of Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this contact garbage where we got to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me to say, "How can you do that?
How can you do it?" And I said, "I did something very, very, very hard.
And I was left and I heard them.  So the government says, "Hey again.  We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 businesses.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drauming, one of the greatest business advisers in history, died at the age of 16, was a few years ago.
Peter Drauming was a philosophy professor before I was involved in business, and this is what Peter Dragon says, "The planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
planning is the kiss of death of the corporate spirit.
So now we are reconstructing Christmas without knowing what the most attractive people in Christmas want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn how to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer confidence, privacy has to be fantastic to help you, and then you will go on, you will come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we got 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
What do you show you more about this morning now?
Local people. That's what you have applying.
So what I'm telling you is that the spirit spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial revolution fuels, manufacturing fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
Front as a way of holding machines is not sustainable.
What we have to consider is how we number -- we cure, we educate, we transport, we communicate to seven billion people in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for green revolution -- universities. Forget it.
The government? Forget it.
It'll be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in the 1860s, this group of people came together with this group of people, and they found about what happened to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was a together: New York City would not exist in 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they pointed out, if the population keeps growing up to this rate -- to transplant the population of New York to the around, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already getting in the dung stress.  So in 1860, they were having this dirty technology that would destroy New York life.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in 1900, in the United States they had 100 computer manufacturer companies, 100.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scales, escalators in past places.
Derek, Michigan, Henry Ford.
But there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer confidence.
Otherwise, they won't come to talk to you.
Then, you have to offer an absolute, dedicated service, excited service.
And then you're going to have to tell you the truth with regard to understanding.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three magnetically thing: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count with a fantastic commercialization, and you have to count with a great financial management.
You know what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, selling and looking for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We have been researching and looked at the 100 companies of the Canada world, West, Edison Ford, Ford, all new companies, Google, Yahoo all the new companies.
There is only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one -- none of them was started by one person.
Never the word me," but the word "we "Are -- 32 times.
He wasn't just when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone. No one.
So we can create the community where we have facial, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in coffee -- in bars along with their dedicated cameras who will do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who talks about this chest, somebody who will ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Well, can you sell it? Can you look for the money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that." "Would you like to look for somebody anyone?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those who surround us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like autonomous, plants and chalk.
These projects come from questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we pay and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories from our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape?
How do we share more of our hopes for empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant robots that give shadows to love, boards and sheets for centuries and trust in a city.
That always gives the music.  There's a detail in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the most abandoned property of America.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost somebody who loved a lot.
It was Joan as a mother for me.
Her death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me a profound gratitude for the time that I lived in.
I gave it clarity to the meaningful things of my current life.
But I'm sorry to keep this look in my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let you catch on day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends, he turned the wall out of this house abandoned on a giant painting and painted on her phrases to complete -- before she died ...
So the train could take a chalk. reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day the wall was filled and kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
Before I die I want to be judged by percentage."  Before I die I want to sit on the front line of the date line."
Before I die I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die I want to plant a tree.
Before I die I want to live out of the network."
Before I die I want to embrace it once again."
Before I die I want to go to somebody's rescue.
Before I die I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hope of people made me laugh at cartoons, disappeared, and they gave me a sense of hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and space ways -- it's about giving the reflection and contrast, and to remember what is most important to us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit and have been done in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we showed the power of our public spaces if you give us the opportunity to express ourselves and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have are time and our relationships with other people.
In our era of discussion -- it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve the perspective and remember that life is brief.
death is something we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing for death is one of those things that are more power.
Think about the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what it matters to us as individuals and as a community and with more means to share hope, fear and stories, the people around us cannot only help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single petition today.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Rezero is 22 years old, it's high and very good.
He doesn't speak, but they transmit better than some of the best speakers.
Rezero knows what love is.
It's going to be inconveniently sharing what happens.
It's not a variable. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
They don't care about religious differences and look at this: Never lie.
When I sing the songs of our childhood, trying to give up words that I couldn't even remind you, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and the wonderful thing that should be unknown.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high. It's very good.
It has the most impossible memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I went out every single song of my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to make my arm in my arm during the first episode of the telecommunications and the Ladart Galapago.
Don't you find them amazing?
But most people don't agree with.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, often they are ignored and understood.
But what I went to my heart and forced my soul was that even if that was the case, although they didn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary and autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those less familiar with the term "Australia, it's a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In every individual it becomes distinguished differently, from there that Rezero is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that faster increases in the world, there is no cause or cure known as well.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without him.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new self in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized he was different.
He graduated a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He lived in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure in the smallest things, like putting cars around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that was between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more evident.
But beyond the birds, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity. There was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature, a child who sees the world without preception, a human being that had never lied.
extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, moments where I wish they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
Normally the beauty goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact that it's different doesn't mean that some of it is wrong.
It only means that there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey a single thing to Rezero and Sam and you, it would be that they don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because autistic or not, the differences that we have -- they're a donater." Every one of us has a gift in its interior, and honestly, the pursuit of normal is the last sacrifice of potential.
The opportunity for greatness and progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what it must have been to be Alice in the World country.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a class of communication to engineering students.
I was scared.  Startly settlementing of these students with their great minds, their big books and their big words and unknown words.
But when I developed those conversations, I felt what Alice had to have felt when I fell through the hole of the rabbit and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had these conversations with the students, they surprised me the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a big communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our biggest challenges, from energy to environment and health care, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists have these interactions.
But these big conversations can't happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please, silver with simple.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can do it to make sure that you can see that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to respond, and then what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
They don't tell us just that they study the traditions, but they study the traditions, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat the operators.
And when they're describing their science, careful with jargon.
Beer is an obstacle for our understanding of its ideas.
Sure, you can say space and temperature, but why not say space and time that is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing as to make them.
Instead, as Einstein said, it's all as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise the ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways of hitting and excited with their content.
And when you present your work, forget the signs of balance."
They have wondered why they're called balances?  What do the balances do? The bullets kill and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language area of our brain and opened us.
Instead, this example of Gene Brown example is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the work is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple sentence, legal that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that stack up to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what you described.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and look at the country of the wonders that are science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, for all means, hidden with simple.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words of the entire Oxford English dictionary is "support."
Just because it sounds very good.
And "Storyteller, it means "distractional political."
Although there was a periodic editor in the 19th century that defined it much better when he said, "A support is the one who looks for a public charge without matter participant, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it by the mere use of a monopoly responsibility verbachet."
I have no idea what it means reflection."
Something about words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until for example, 177 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the paralyzed camera.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the insight of Brad Cross, who faced the Parliament.
They got on the London Tower and they commissioned him, but he had the enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that he won.
And only a few years later, we had the first use recorded in the phrase and "Bather Ballet -- and it's like metal."
Most people think it's literature.
It's not. It's because of a advocate of the freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to the U.S., right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after independence, right after the independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a country reporting?
This was defined in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions could have frustrated.
Some of you wanted to call it "Back to State State, and others who wanted to call it "The George George Washington, and other Defenses of the American people in the U.S.
Not very attractive.
Some of you just wanted to call it "King."
They thought it was a quality.
And not even with that was monolier, they had the idea that you could be elected by King for a certain term.
And it could have served it.
Everybody is connected immensely because this debate is provided for three weeks.
And I read the day of a poor Senator and always wrote, "All this theme."
What caused the portrait and the height was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to get out of power.
They didn't want to call it King for if he gave him to him or her own ideas.
So they wanted to give it the most modest title, more inspiring and more slowed up that came to them.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- there was already before, but it only meant somebody who predicts a meeting.
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more gravitational than the term "Cape "Cape or Supermarket."
There was an evolutionary president of small colonial aid and government failure, but it was really a starting title.
And that's why the Senate is open.
They said, "It's ridiculous, we can't call it President."
"This guy has to sign treated and meet with foreign digitals."
"And who will take a serious title with such a ridiculous and invitable title as a Princeton of America?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't click.
We can learn three interesting things about all this.
First of all, and this is my favorite, until I have been able to figure out, the Senate has never refuged the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to keep out there, hoping that the Senate between action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- you may keep waiting for 22 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important, and this is the most important thing, and I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all. Right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads in available, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of art vehicles and so on.
The reality and history has dominated the grain of gravity.
So I just won the Senate.
They got their restaurant title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the approach of uniqueness -- well, it was a uniqueness for then.
But you know how many nations have now presenting it?
And all because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads and so on.
So at the end of the Senate Bang and the House of Representatives lost because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but really, really modified reality more of the words that they could change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 to meters under land in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is loaded from heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices they talk about, but especially that capital of male gas and stones with primitive tools.
Like the others, I carry a cheap line of giant light on the head with this analysis standard, and I can barely distinguish the redesign branches that hold the walls of that hole that drop hundreds of meters on the ground.
I got back my hand and suddenly I remember a mine that I met earlier days, who lost the control and fell into the members of the feet in that point.
As I talk to you today, these men are at the deep of that hole risking their lives without paying or reward and often dying.
I came out of that hole and I went home, but they may never do it, because they are prey from slavery.
Over the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition at the Vancouver Peace Summit in 2007.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a Freedom County integrated, an NGO that was devoted to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world but not at such a degree.
When we finished talking, I felt really bad, honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this attraction of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I became a story of the stomach, and then I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of Freedom the Salman and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had already been in many of these places.
Some of you, even I considered them my second home.
But this time, I would sell the dirty tracks.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of traditional slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of a agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars today.
However, today, you can explore entire families by generations by number 18.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from over 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to find that they are forced to work without pay, under violence and cannot escape.
Today, slavery operates in trade, goods produced by slaves have value, but those who produce them are destructive.
slavery exists in almost everyone and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met the bottom of landscapes.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell.
You know, immediate in a temperature of 45 C, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped on a heavy dust of dust -- they stack up mechanically brick in their heads, to 18 at a time, and take them from the order of the drones to trucks that are hundreds of meters.
The monkey devices and the consensus work in silence, making this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There was no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe destruction would make it really incredibly intense.
So penguins were the heat and dust that my camera became too hot to touch, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to check it, and sitting there, I thought, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the furnaces I wanted to cry, but the advance that I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Line, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation that they were already.
I had to rely on Freedom the Salments and work within the system for his release and trusted that they would get it.
In terms of me, I waited to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running rocks for miles by mountain terrain to trucks that were waiting down down.
Those big planets were more heavy than kids who charge them and children are holding them to their heads with hunters made of sticks, ropes and hands.
It's hard to preserve something so overwhelming to it.
How can we influence something so invisible, but so organized?
Some people don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without pay, because this has been all their life.
They have nothing to compare with.
When these villagers had received their freedom, the slaves burn their homes.
When you hear the word slavery often we thought about sexual traffic, and because of this global consciousness I was struck that would be difficult to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was struck by women who had been previously sexual slaves.
I was driven by some indigenous stairs that were giving this dirty basement of the faint fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a birthday.
It was rather a restaurant.
Residential, as you know in the office, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms, where slaves -- with their girls and children, some of the only seven years -- are forced to train clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each dot is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a baseball and a curtain.
workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
On the temple, I remember feeling a semi-autonomous fear and in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be stuck in that hell.
I only had a salt: the stairs where I came in.
There were no hind doors.
There were no windows that were big enough to travel.
Those people don't have an epidemic, and because we play a topic that is so difficult -- it's important to point out that slavery even sexual traffic happens around us.
There are hundreds of people enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens in the way, but we don't see it.
Textiles are another activity that we often relate to the slave of slave labor.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The black hands of black are the father, the blue stees and the red, of their children.
They mix pollutants in these big barrels and dip the silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My integrity told me his stories.
We don't have freedom: they said.
We still hope, though, can come out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work."
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children in the Video lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers -- some younger children, make sense of it?
Error. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their familiar families and disappeared and forced to work extinct domes in these boats on the lake -- despite not swimming.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat approached it was slowly, it feared that his little canoe was embarrassing.
He was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the trees submerged in the Video Lake often trap networks and children, familiar and fear, they are thrown into the water to challenge the branches.
Many of them are saved.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on the lake.
For fear of your love is not going to flee and like all life has been treated with creative, it creates a little bit of the younger slaves under your command.
I met these guys at five o'clock in the morning, when they took up the last few networks, but they had been working from the one.
At night cold and windy night.
And I can point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're packed out of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kobby.
Kofi was rescued in a village of fishermen.
I met him in a shelter where "The Salmens represented the victims of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will become because somebody decided to make the difference in their life?
It was driving by a road in Ghana with Freedom of Parther and Freedom and the Galapagos, a paradigm with his motor suddenly accelerated and out our car and played the window.
He asked us to follow it on a path of land to the forest.
At the end of the way, we went out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
Then I pointed out this little sense of visible sense and said, "This is the way, this is the way. Come on!
As we started down, we took the wings that blocked the path and after walking about an hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we went down in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walk, the pound was entirely finished in a clear, and we had in front of a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and all of them were filled with space workers.
A lot of women had children attached to their backs, and as they were looking for gold. They were walking in the hot waters with memory.
The market is used in the extraction process.
These mines are enslaved in a hole in another part of Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were empathizing in their own submersible.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, ironic, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
The wells have up to 90 feet and these people load heavy balls of stone that will then be transported to another area where they would kill the stone so they could extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and virtual men, but if you look closer, we see a lot more lucky and also children.
They're all lessons of injury, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle has ended up as this victim of tuberculosis and from the market in a few years.
This is Manhattan. When his father died he took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Mandall inherit the debt of the uncle that force it to be slave in mines.
When I met it, I had worked in the mines 14 years and the injury of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine -- so severe that doctors said it should be automated.
In addition to that, Man has tuberculosis, and nothing like that, he's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Yet, he dreams with being released and educated with the help of local activists like Freedom The Salmon, and it's this kind of determination, in face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on the slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you around the world.
I wanted you to know that we will take testimony from them, and we'll do everything that is possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not reviewers. They're from people, real people, like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these very beautiful people, marked -- that I've had the great honor of knowledge.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that the force goes into a fire and that fire would shine light on the slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math applied and there is a peculiar problem for who do it -- we're like management consumptions.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm trying to tell you what I do.
The dance is one of the most human activities.
They give us the viruses of the whale and the classes of classroom --  that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial attitude that can have a genetic component.
Sadly, the neurological disorders like Parkinson's evil destroyed gradually this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jane Stirling who, in his time, was a very whale dancing virus.
The last few years have been progress in the treatment.
However, there are 6,000 million people in the world that are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable weakness and temporary, dignity and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in objective and ultimately the only way we know if there is actually a cure to be when we have an objective and a certain metaphoric.
But it's frustrating that the Parkinson's and other disorders of the movement have no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best thing we have is a 20th minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside clinical trials, they never do. It's never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could do the exam themselves.
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose you as a conventional way to try it, you see, in a certain sense, at least -- we're all virtual like my friend Jane Stirling.
This is a video of the violence of vocal strings.
It shows somebody who is healthy as they speak. We can imagine as a dance of a vocal whale because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the necessary genes -- the FBI, for example.
And as the ballet requires a level of extraordinary training.
Let's think of the time that leads to a child to learn how to speak.
From sound, we can track the position of vocal strings as they visit, and as the Parkinson's affects lampetors, it also affects vocal organs.
On the bottom line you can see an example of the profit of vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
vocal season, weakness and regime.
The speech becomes more quiet and apparently after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare based on voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive. Both use existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to do it.
Both of them are accurate. Well, but also based on voice is not specialized in voice.
I mean, they can be automatically.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds as a lot.
They're minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
And when something is doing a cost so low, it appears on a massive scale.
These are some amazing goals to deal with.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't need to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high-speed monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make mass low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, fascinating shames at the overall scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomass of disease before it's too late.
So by giving today the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's voice.
Along with Accelerator and Pations, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have local lines accessible for about 750 million people in the world.
Any of them or without Parkinson's -- it can call low price and leave recordings for a few cents. And I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Mah, taking all these samples of, let's say 10,000 people, you can say who's healthy and who doesn't?
What would you take out of these shows?
Max Little: Yeah, yeah. What happens is that during the call you've got to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MT: You see, some people may not be able to pass it. Maybe they don't.
But we're going to get a very large array of data collected in different circumstances, and to do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limitation factors in search of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now?
MM: A lot more than that.
Actually, my student, Tasmanian student, I have to publish it, has made a fantastic job and now has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which makes the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy present.
TR: New and nine. Well, it's a improvement.
MT: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Littas, public.
MT: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I was doing photographic portraits in New York City.
We're raw creatures, gray creatures.
We hide in the dark, in faces without windows and usually avoid solar light.
We do the even more thin models, the perfect skin is even more perfect -- we do the impossible, and we are criticized in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and a true taste for images and photograph.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
A little time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- there Hans Volunteers, was in the place working as part of the answer team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Obama.
It's a little town of fishermen located in the Republic of Italian about 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The water level recorded over 24 feet tall and over three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We get rubble out of channels and passes.
We cleaned up schools. We take the wheel and leave the list houses to be refined and restricted.
We took tons and deadly fish tons and desert tons of the local factory.
We sat up and loved us.
For weeks, both volunteers like the neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and photos of photos and cameras and stem cards.
Everybody did the same thing.
Get them up and take them to different places of people around them to keep them.
It wasn't until I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffered.
As they were fleeing from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I began to help in a village evidence center.
He helped clean up the common bathrooms the huge ones, giant barrels.
This place turned out to be also the place of the village where the center of the event has collected the photos.
And I had them and I had the honor that this day would trust me to clean up the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizon, but it wasn't until I was until I was just going to transport my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the pictures, I found some who were over a hundred years old, some were still in the envelope of the lab, couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that scratch and repair that radio and knew hundreds of people who could do the same.
So that night I entered Facebook contacted with some of them, and the next morning, the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started to fix the photos.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too stranger, but where the water had documented the face of the girl had to fix with a lot of precision and depth.
Otherwise, that little girl would not have the aspect of himself, and that would be as tragic as having the spoiled picture.
Over time, they came out of luck more photos, and they needed more records so that it came back on Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 days later, 12 countries were offered to help.
Over two weeks I had 150 people who were willing to join together.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Richard, a neighboring village north of Same.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic libraries that had been inspired, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they had been able to tell them is a different story, it depended on the surface of the photos.
It could impact an hour. It could be involved weeks.
It could mean months.
This guy had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in salt water, covered from bacteria, with algae -- even with oil, all of it together with the time of the continuous time destroying them, so cleaning them up was an important part of the project.
We couldn't catch the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recorded by his owner.
We were lucky with the cleaning by hand.
We count with the guidance of a super-expensive neighbor.
It's very easy to harm even more pictures already already.
As Winis once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky in relation to photos.
I had begun to wipe them up, but he stopped to realize that they were even more.
I also had doubles.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not have been able to reconstruct the images in one photo and get the picture.
When he collected his photos, he shared something about his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the photos in a shop station between the rubble quite far from where his house used to be, but his colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the end of closing the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the sharks sounded out.
Their little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find his entire family and know that they all had survived.
The day he gave her photographs his youngest son 14 years old.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do to do, something that he could go back to look, something that could remember the past that would not have been marked by this day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined there to have a hundred hundred of them helped us clean over 135,000 photographs -- the great majority --  -- the great majority came back to their owners -- important.
More than 500 volunteers around the world helped us to go back to 90 hundred and a half hundred photos of fully respected and replaced photos.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them for printer.
We take pictures of it.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody loved it.
They are the guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take, but the first thing we would look for.
This is what the project is, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to someone their connection with the past.
When a picture like this is back to somebody, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the records.
Some of them connected them with something larger, to bring something bigger, using their talent for something that are not perfect skin models.
In order to end up I'd like to read this email -- sent it in Canada the day I came back from Japan after six months.
As I was replaced, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in the images.
One particular picture, a picture with women in different ages from the grandmother to the little girl, gathered around a baby, I moved around, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter was born, hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the times our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Dick Edoz inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that gives up a apple in an exhibition of only one millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not a million or a billion or a billion frames per second.
I present to you a new kind of photograph, the photographer, a new technique that can create videos in slow camera from light in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the rings, beyond the vision line, or see the inside of the body without using X-rays, and they really defy the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer and I find it and I wake up in a trillion of a second, or it is, in several ways to create a photo package of just a millimeter wide.
And that package of photons -- that ball, travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do those photons look like that photographs within this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this --   remember, all of this is happening in less than a nanotube is what it takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coke doesn't answer this research --  -- there are a lot of things in this movie.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a picture of photons that starts to go through it, and that, inside, starts to disappear.
Part of the light is floating, goes to the table, and we started seeing these discoveries.
Many of the photons finally come to the layer and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's a bubble of air that would bounce on the inside.
At that time, the waves travel through the table, and because of the reflection of the top of the top you see in the bottom of the bottle, after several frames that the thoughts are focus.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet and we make the same distance and we see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would lead us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a year.
It would be a very boring film --  from a slow bullet in motion.
And how about testing it with death?
You can see the waves that are produced from the table, the tomato and the wall.
It's like throwing a stone on a pond.
It's the way nature paints a picture, he thought, of a female at the time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look once more and more of this shot, you realize that, as the light stops from the tomato -- it follows brilliant. It's not dark.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounce inside it and it comes back after several trillion seconds.
In the future, when this female is in its mobile phones, they're going to be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a low exhibition picture, it comes into very little light.
But we're going to go through a billion times faster than the shortest exposure, so let me just get some light.
We sent that bullet -- this package of photons -- millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very positive synchronization, we took those data giants and we complained them computational to create those females that I showed you.
We can take all of these raw data and process them in an interesting way.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superheroes future would allow him to see after the rivers?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, Robert, enter the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
where we could extract those multiple slices of light.
It's not science fiction. We've already built it.
On the left, it's our feminist.
Behind the wall there is a manager and we bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communists.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And as we have a camera that works like that, our female, has unique abilities.
It has very good temporary resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what extent it is to the distance.
By projecting a laser, you can record a picture of a picture, which, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But let's take a lot of images like this, but we will take a lot of images like this, and we will bring them together and try to analyze multiple light bounces and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it at 3D?
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things to explore before we get this out of the lab, but in the future, we can create cars that avoid collisions with what's on the turn of the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build projections that are able to see the inside of the body holding oceans, and the same thing for careers.
But of course, because of tissue and blood this is quite difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists so that they start thinking about the photography as a new model of visualization to solve the problems of image image in the next generation.
Just like Doc Edoz, he himself a scientist, became a science in art, an art of flute photographs.
I realized that all the giants of data that we collect every time are not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code.
And we look at those waves -- remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few trillion seconds.
But here's something fun as well.
If we look at the waves under the layer, they get away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we are recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects.
The order in which events are happening in the world sometimes appears to be invested to the camera.
By applying the corresponding deforestation of space and time, we can correct this distribution.
It's time. Thank you.
Hi. This is my mobile phone.
A cell phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a cell phone can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone you can record a song, upload it to Soldina and make a famous.
This is all possible with a cell phone.
I'm a Chinese boy in the city of Berlin.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protecting a change.
This is the 1980s. Imagine if all these people gathered that they would protect a change, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who from the present have a cell phone here?
Look at them.
Hands up your phone, get them up.
Leave them. An Andrew, a Blackberry, word."
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a mobile phone.
But today I'm going to talk about me, from my cell phone, and how my life changed.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 830 lines of information.
The raw data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission presented a direction.
The data Reference Director.
This direction says that every European telephone company, every Internet provider from all of Europe, has to store a broad range of information from users.
Who calls who, who sends an email to whom.
Who sends him a text to whom.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and until two years, in their phone company or their Internet providers.
And all over Europe people stood up and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this database of data.
We want the controller in digital age, and we don't want telephone phones and Internet providers to store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, sponges, all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about ten thousand people who came out to the streets of Berlin and said, "Life, not fear."
And some people even said this would be Stage 2.0.
Star was the secret police of Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Any time I use the cell phone?
So I asked my phone, December Telesco, who at that time was the largest phone company in Germany, who please send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask them, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all blah blah blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a court demand because I wanted to have this information.
But December Telesco said, no, we're not going to give you this information.
At the end we signed up an agreement.
It would take the demand and they would send me the information I asked.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional Court failed the injustice for the German law of the E.U.
So I got this ugly little ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And on the CD there was this.
Thirty and five thousand lines of information lines.
I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge archive. Okay.
But after a while, I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical. What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what the data retention means.
So, next to Keith Einstein and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six-year-old visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and zoom back, go back and forward.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Francisco in train to colony, and what often I call in the journey.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not only about me.
But of all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they're called among them.
And then you call the other, and the other one to the other, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see this all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to who, who sends him an email to who, all this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people on the streets of Berlin, in the fall of 1989, they had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Stanford had known who participated in this protest, and if the Stanford had known who the leaders were, this never happened.
The Berlin Wall might never have happened.
And in conclusion, neither of the Christian Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible in and out of the web.
They want to have the possibility to follow our lives, and they want to store them forever.
But the controller and living in the digital era is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight the control.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to tell their friends that privacy is a 21st century value and it's not passionate about it.
When they go home, give them their representatives that only because companies and state agencies can store some information, don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information you store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile phones that you have to remember you have to fight for the discrimination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDster, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDster, what happens?
I call me Mayan Zaganic, and I'm not error, but I know the doctor I brought to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I'm sorry all the time.
Look at it.
It's extractively. I'm like a Microsoft mix.
And Muhammad A.
Pea. C. It's not genetics.
It's not a control or it can be contract.
Nobody killed the uterus of my mother, and I didn't hire it because my parents were cousins, although they are.
It only goes through accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I'm going to warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration, and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they have wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from passenger.
Christmas voices, are in the commercial center, drive in circles looking for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little discipline?
In addition, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and the P, C is just one of them.
If you have a operational operator, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a palette, Muslim woman, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Claparons in New Jersey.
I always loved my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain palsy, they don't walk, but my parents don't believe it is."
My father was, "You can do it, dance candy."
If my three older sisters cleaned up, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents would give up to the school system, and they made sure that I was also gone, and if we didn't take all the notes, we all got my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at the age of five years putting my heel on his feet and simply walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that it was chasing it.
The stress that I carried inside was very strong.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden walked like a bottle of box that has received many glasses.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabic, and they remain all the family --  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think of using "Come to Muslims as a campaign leader.
The people I grew up had no problems with my faith.
However, it seemed to be a lot of concern that died of hunger during the random.
I told you that I had enough fat to live three whole months without eating, so help the dawn in the radar is very easy.
Bala at Brazil.
Yeah, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with tanks, or I can walk with heel.
I'm from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends were using tanks, I too.
And when my friends were going to pass the summer vacation on the coast of Jerusalem, I wasn't going to go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Maria.
In the summer vacation often my father was trying to heal me, so I drank milk milk -- they put me warm closes on my back, I immersed in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "It works, work."
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do yoga I was a status of status that I couldn't get on a foot of foot.
And now I can hold on my head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General hospital phone.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the state of Arizona, because I went into all the crops.
It was like the mass lamp of the theater department.
Everybody loved me.
I did all the tasks of the least smart, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in their classes.
Every time I did a scene of the crystal zoo my teachers would cry.
But I never got a role.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a work called Babylon very slow.
It's a work of a girl with brain palsy, right?
I was a girl.
So I started screaming at four vitamins: "In order to have a role.
I have brain parasites."
At the end of the free."
Thank God entirely, I am a free free."
I didn't get the paper.  You gave it to South Brown ...
I went to increase running to the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, to ask why and she told me that because they believed I couldn't do the risk scene.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts either.
It was a paper that I literally was born and gave it to an actress without brain paralysis.
college was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a little story of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I graduated it, I went home, and my first actor tour was kind of like a television.
My dream became true.
And I knew that it would be a "piece of "particular friend of "computer friend in a sanitation.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase -- I didn't see myself more than the one, and it was obvious to me that the repair directors didn't hire gorillas and not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whatton Golden, Rosetta Barry, Ella, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commentary.
That's why I made it humiliation.
In my first tour I took famous comics from New York to New Jersey, and I will never forget the face of the first cartoon that I took when I fell on the account that he was going to high speed by the highway of New Jersey with a driver that had brain parasites.
I worked in clubs from all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censor and without sleep.
Some people say I'm the first monolith of the Arab world.
I never like to close the first place, but I do know that they never heard that little disgusting rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother of another mother and father, Dean Gorottine, and I launched the New York City Festival in New York City, now in his 10, year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the Archives in the media and to remind them to the reports of repair that subsidizengly and Arabic are not signal.
Interesting Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the disaster of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program back with Keith Algeboa.
I walked into a graduate dance and I went to a graduate dance and sat into a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse me, can you give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, five, four, three, two.
And we were live.
So I approached the president of the president to not go out of the screen during the scale, and when I finished the interview, I was please.
I finally had my opportunity and the sports. I knew they wouldn't invite me.
But not only Mr. Albert came back to invite me, but I was like a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
Something fun I learned in direct with Keith Elbarden was that people on the Internet are heard.
It is said that kids are creators, but they never get fun of me nor a girl or a child.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a bureaucracy object.
I saw online clips with comments like, "Why unreasonable?"
"Is it relative?
And my favorite, poor terrorist buse.
What disease does it have?
We should really pray for it."
And a comment suggested even to add my disability to my curriculum: guide, comedy participant, parallel.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in the wheelchair can't make Benjami, then Beethoven can't do someone in a wheelchair.
The disabled ones are the -- yeah, clapping. Come on.
Distributions are the largest minority in the world, and the most survivors in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown with media media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday lives.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hate on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My torting journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet floating by the distance of the Susan Luck telescopes and the cloud Lord Arms.
I came to act on a film with Adam Santa and work with my pain, the incredible Dave Mattis.
I would go through the world "Aristotle the Arabs have become crazy."
I was detected by the great state of New Jersey in the CEO of 2008.
And I founded "The Kids of Mayoe: a charity organization to give the Palestinian refugee children a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live alive, and I dedicated this talk to his memory.
(Click in peace, paper.
I call me Mayan Zaganic, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small town.
I don't know his name, but I know his story.
It lives in a small town to South America.
This village is near Mozart.
The droughts drives the little town to poverty and the edge of the invasion.
Without anything for him there, it goes to the great city, in this case, Machine, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there are no opportunity, no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city outside of Mother.
After perhaps a string year, nothing.
One day he comes up with a gentleman who offers him to take her to lunch, then to dinner, to destroy.
It knows a dynamic group of people, which gives him a disaster.
It gets a little bit of money to get a new clothes, money to send home to his family.
They present a young guy.
He finally gets home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life goal.
A beautiful day in Mozart, under a blue sky.
That child from that little village with the dreams of the great care was suicide terrorism, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shadish, a terrorist organization connected with the Qaeda.
So how do the story of a little town in a small village trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him immediately?
He was waiting.
I was waiting for an opportunity, waiting for the future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came to him.
This was the first thing I pulled it out of what we call "the wind period."
And his story repeats in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the barrels, the young urban urban young urban young people who are developing riots in Johnny, they spend riots in London, who look for something beyond the "walking time."
For young people, the promise of the city, the great dream of the city is the one of the opportunity, of work, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest unemployment rates.
By 2030, three of five people living in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunity, the story of the "work "party," the portion of access to terrorism, to violence, to gangs -- will be the history of 2008.
And in my city of birth, Mocker, 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent doesn't work, it's not going to school.
They don't do practically anything.
I went back to Mother last month, and I went to visit the Madia Hospital.
I remember being before that hospital accused to balls thinking, "What would I never have gone?
What if I had seen myself forced to be in that same period of waiting to expect?
Would it have become a terrorism?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Moore's that month was actually to empower some juvenile leaders in a corporate currency.
He came up with about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about the solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Machine, he graduated.
There was no job, no opportunity.
I remember when he said to me, that because it was a graduate college school, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recycled.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mozart, the biggest obstacle to get from the point A to B are the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the living system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to move.
And they saw an opportunity and the advance.
A motorcycle company.
It started analyzing motorcycle to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 molecules, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of motors over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What does this story do?
I think its ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the "worse of wait."
It empowers young people to be the creators of the economic opportunities that are looking for so desperate.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Muhammad Mowari, a flower.
I was helping to train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative and how to be innovative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mocker has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came in, if you wanted flowers to your wedding.
If you asked someone, "When was the last time you saw free flowers.
For those who grew up during civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of language and floral design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mozart, and he started growing tolerances and legacy, which he said, could survive the hard climate of Mozart.
And he started the delivery of flowers for worsts, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies, and now he's working on creating the first public park of Moore's first public park in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mother.
It wants to create a space where the families, the young people, can go together, and, as he says, smell the proverbial rodes.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Muhammad presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They had never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO working for government, but their story, their innovation really had a strong impact on them.
I forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, they could be abandoned to change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They started business solutions for local problems.
So inspire young people and creating a business spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas reality.
They need expertise and guidance to guide them in development and put their business.
You connect the young people with the resources that you need, provide them the support that you need to move from consciousness to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's to create a social impact.
Mohamed is not simply selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
His Peace Park, this is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
They also hired children from the street to help rent and keep the males for him.
They gave them the opportunity to escape from the paradigm of the sperm "parties."
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: convert young people in entrepreneurs and they include and feed their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks than assembled and waiting "periods."
Thank you.
I was about ten years old, and I went to camping with my dad in the Addia mountains, an area aggressive.
It was a beautiful day.
The forest forest.
The sun would make the sheets glow as a virtual, and not to be the way we followed, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to weigh that land.
We got to our camp.
It was a shed on a friend with sight to a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed there was a based, about four square feet with the heart of a poster police ball balls and the old closed.
And I was analyzed, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The camps who were too lazy to get what they had brought on, who thought he was going to clean up their baseball?
That question followed with me, and it felt a little bit.
Who clean our base?
No matter how you organize or where you touch our own: who clean our trash in Utan?"
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or London?
Here in New York, the Department of Health clean our trash in the reason of 11,000 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know that as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that work.
What does it feel like to use the uniform and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in the trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intrication.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a trash recipient.
Now I didn't just travel in trucks. I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical scales and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
Everybody asks about smell.
It's there, but it's not as predictable as you believe, and in the days it's very strong one is used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies still adapting to the weight of taking on their body tons every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the Office of Global statistics, waste collection is one of the most dangerous occupation of the country, and I learned reason.
You're coming out and getting into the traffic all day and you're going to fly around you.
They just want to go on, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is filled with dangers that often fall out of the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the income of garbage.
When you get out of the control and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
Never stop coming from.
It's also like a form of breathing or circulation.
It should always be in motion.
And there's the stigma.
It seems to me that stigma is especially ironic because I strongly believe that waste records are the most important workforce in the streets of the city, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protocols.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective ways every day, this starts to get rid of their content and their inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries come back and start giving us.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old thing, we don't have space for what the engine engines start to fail when the consumption is in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just signal its relationship.
And then there is what I call our daily speed of average needle.
So I mean just the speed that we used to move in the very contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about, we don't repair or repair or clean or take our coffee cup or our sentence bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them up, we forget about them, because we know that there's a working force on the other side that will fall out of it.
So today I want to suggest to you today a couple of ways of thinking about the collection of waste that you might help to reduce the stigma and put them into that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His job, I think, is almost diagnosis.
They're on the street every day, in a rhythmic way.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do our work.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that they maintain leaves us out of ourselves, from our own waste, our decomposites, and that flow always must stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11, 2001, I heard the group of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son, and I went down the stairs running up, and there was a man doing his paper recycling journey like I did all the millions.
And I tried to thank you for doing his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just and he said, "We're going to be fine.
We're going to be right."
Shortly after that, I began to investigate waste collection and I went back to that man.
It's called Palestine, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts to rebuild the way we exist on this planet as a species we need to include and to account every cost, even the very real human cost of the labor hand.
The modeling waste -- what we think when we talk about garbage, they represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next one you see to someone whose work is to clean up the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a moment to tell you thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life forming part of the environment where architecture is born naturally from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the final architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of a number of floors in Ethiopia, Addis Absol.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At first, the first thing I thought was, "I want to get out of it."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city we realized that there are three important aspects to solve.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the crystals will generate heat on the inside, so it is necessary so much cooling in.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees over the year.
And third, its aspect has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a penis trying to be a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, it was really changed with the old market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers every day.
There is also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that was what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, a number of stories, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspiring the site, which is located in a much growth area in the city, where a lot of the buildings that we now see in the image, they didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was to create a connection between these two streets, including all the entries of the building.
And this is spread with an incompatible attack that creates an air space in the building in the building of its own shape, and the sun and rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with little businesses, which changes in each floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responds to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a tissue that was similar to a performance of performance with perfects to allow the air input to allow the air to allow the air, but in a filtered way.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful bottles of the edges of the ethanes.
They have the properties of the fractal geometry, and this helped me model the face.
We're building that with these little pieces of predatory pieces that are the windows that leave the air and light in a controlled way to the inside of the building.
This is made up with these little crystals of colors that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
And with these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a commercial center. It wasn't what we asked.
But we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the commercial center because at the end of stories, there were more local to sell.
And also the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it wasn't needed to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy adult for the building in a city where electricity is almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting photographers on the roof.
And then under those panels we think of the roof as a new public space with meeting areas and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these bumps on the roof, that they actually collect water for the sanitation inside.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project so big, the biggest one I ever designed -- needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 years of ancient antibodies that was surrounded by a wall with twelve access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was to expand existing streets, creating 12 similar blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these cats.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic dots in relation to the idea of the doors interconnected with straight lines, and this made the initial model.
And the last operation was to think about the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the medicine climate?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural valuable.
So we set up a scheme that makes sure that most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of the European block and the Arab city.
It has these blocks with pathologists, and then on the low plant we have all the connections for the periods.
And it also responds to local norms that make greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the lower plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like reducing the community of the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and socialize, and make activities such as running a two kilometers a morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies to the same pace that buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment and that they have as objective to connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl entered our class. It was so remarkable, as all the new girls.
I had huge amounts of hair and a little bit of pencils -- cute -- it was super strong for the states, very good for artifact.
I ended up that year, and I was filled with jealousy.
One day I stayed a day after the school. I was a little late and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was slightly, I went out, walked into the classroom, took the table of my teacher the rating book.
And then, I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just some of you.
And so I went back to the book to the chart, but to see, some of my other fellow companies had very good news as well.
So in a front, it took the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the pages of D and myself a row of that, just for being there, I could.
I still really surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came up.
I don't understand why I felt good doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was all desperately obvious.
I was never discovered.
But above all, I was struck by the reason I was bothered that this little girl, so small, was so good for artifact.
I was intrigued by jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so permanent.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also, the primates, the blue birds are very similar.
We know that the cells are the number one cause of a U.S. advantage in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
So you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab that you study in all their possible ways.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, I would have no literature.
Well, there would be no Helen inflation, no Odysseus.
There would be no king king or "the thousand and a night."
There was no Shakespeare.
It would disappear the reading list of high school, because we would be losing "The Rub and the Furniture: There would be no Gatenzer or "Party." We would lose "Masterpicto Bobby and "No K."
Without cells, there's no Proteneral Probet. I know it's fashionable to say that Proud has the answers for everything, and, in terms of jealousy.
This year is 100 years of their master work, "As opposed to the lost time, the most exponential study of sexual rut, and also from ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have --  And thinking about Proust -- we have the meaningful details, right?
We think of a kid trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magnetic manager in you of launch.
We forget how hard that image.
We forget how unlikely it is.
I mean, it was about books that Virginia Wolfram said were as hard as a cat.
I don't know what the cat is, but we assume it's superconductor.
Let's look at why they go so well together, the novel and the cells, the jealousy.
Will it be very obvious as the jealousy, which are reduced to the person, to their wish, their principles, are a self-assembly narrative base.
I don't know. I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
Being at the middle and the audience, we know exactly what details to include -- to measure the knife, right?
So the cells make us all appropriate notes, and that's something that Proust understood us.
Everything she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And he starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that Santa detected in his lover, adds it to his collection of touch instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Saudi and Proud, were notoriously celebrate.
You know, Provires would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break up with him.
But you don't have to be so sexy to recognize that it's a tough job. Right?
The jealousy.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And how are the cells like?
The jealousy.
The jealousy.
The rut, they like the big numbers of bright hair and cute and small limbs.
The jealousy.
That's why Instagram is so successful --  Proteneral problem well the language with the seasons of the jealousy.
When Santa is in his search aggregate, he suddenly heard behind the doors and bribed the services of his lover and then defending those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know that you think this is remarkable, but it's not different than the interpretation of an old text or to look at a monopoly."
He says, "It's scientific research with true intellectual value.
Protein is trying to prove that the cells are interacting and make us seem open, but in their month, they're search for knowledge, a real truth -- in fact, to the thing that Prover connects, the more painful the truth is, the better.
pain, humility, loss -- these were the pathways to the wisdom of Protection.
He says, "A woman who we need to do, that makes us suffer in us a range of feelings much deeper and vital than a wise man who can interest us.
Is it telling us that we're going to look for creation women?
No. I think it's trying to say the cells reveal us ourselves.
And there is some other emotion that makes us open up this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals us our aging, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that teaches us to look at intensity so permanently?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very small young man who was consumed with the idea that his woman was doing it.
And Freud says there was something weird in that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Well, she was innocent -- everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he looked for things that his wife did, without realizing independent behaviors.
Should it sound too much, or is it accidentally broken with a man?
Freud says that the man was becoming the hungry of the unconscious of his wife.
The novels are very good at this.
The novels describe very well how the cells make us look at intensity, but without accuracy.
In fact, the more intense we are, the more we become the residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the cells lead us to make violent or illegal act.
The cells are pushing us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about me at the age of eight, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A woman from Michael from 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from which he was sending the meaningful messages, horrible to himself, for a year.
For a year.
She was trying to figure out the new girlfriend of his former boy. I have to confess that when or this, they reacted with administration.
Because we are realistic.
What enormous -- although unfortunately, creativity. Right?
It's like a novel.
Like a November High High Spoken.
Hypergovers is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of American literature.
It's the author of "The "The The The Tortenda of The Translator and "The Talent Mr. Richard," books that are trying to do the jealousy, and once we are in the sphere, in the kingdom of the rut, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punch in an instant.
Take Tom Rica, his most famous character.
Tom Rica is going to be able to want or want what you have to get away from your self and get yourself out of what you ever had, and you're under the floor, you take your books, take your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We cannot take Tom Ricardya.
I can't give you a D to everybody as much as sometimes I want.
It's a pity, because we live in the time of envy.
We live in the times of jealousy.
That is, are we good citizens of social networks, where the currency is the sentence? Right?
The novels show us the salt? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not secure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go down to 2729 of Baker Street and ask for Sheild Humernike.
When people think about Hollywoods, they think about the evil on the Morphal professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always been preferred by the Antarctica Reserve, the head face of the Scottish YahaKh rat that needs Hollywoods desperately to need the Hollywood genius but he bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar to me.
And Lesterland needs its help, but it resistants it, and bubble with a record in the fall one of the mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Seven Napking Narrator: once Holocaust comes in, he drives all of them with his solution, Lester comes back to Hollywood and says, "We're not celebrated, Mr. Holves.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him there is no person in Scott Arabia that I wouldn't want to harvest your hand.
It's one of the times that we see Hollywood transported in history. It seems very emotional -- that scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the rut, like a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a Moon minute, it's on the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they're on the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland allows you to admire that idea of being the respect.
Could it still be so simple.
What if the cells are really a geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like contact plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Only fiction destroys the jealousy.
The fiction used the dominants, they invited them to the table.
And look at what I got to go together: the Los Redwood drop, the terrifying Tom Rica, the Sweden Route, the same Mars Proteneral.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside the Apollo 11 American module and discovered about the Sandy Sea.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence in the flu surface was the culmination of a conventional collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in the history of the United States.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo program, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve percent of their surface, which Albert after the American death of Armstrong last year, is now the oldest one.
So, why did they go?
They didn't have a lot of back off: 380 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 percent of the time they would emphasize later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words in Kenya at Rice University in 1968, give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy Kenya: Some of you ask, why the Moon one?
Why would we turn it into our goal?
And you could also ask, why scale the highest mountain to scale.
35 years ago, why fly over the Atlantic?
Why do you play Rick against Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We choose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pole: For the contexts, the Apollo wasn't just a victory of the West on the Cold War.
At the time, the strongest emotion was to wonder to the translation of the power of technology.
They were because it was great to do it.
The landing in the moon happened in a long list of technological tribes.
The first half of the 20th century produced the assembly line and the plane, the penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police was eradicated and eliminated smallpox.
Technology seemed to be able to put what Alvin Tokyo in 1970 called acceleration flow."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a salary ship -- but in 1969, the top of Apollo 10 flew to 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10, and the optimism toll about the power of technology has been evaporated by seeing that the problems that we imagine that technology would solve as going to Mars, creating clean energy, curing cancer, or feeding the world population seem to have been intractable results.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me he didn't look at the escape tube called the Saturn Viewness.
I knew that this would be the last local mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it over the last two days here, at TED.
It looks like the technologies had spread us and enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, apps and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enrich our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a parallel explanation in Silicon Valley, which challenges that they've created less ambitious companies than the years in which Intel Microsoft, Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in particular, the incentives that venture capitalists offer the entrepreneurs of risk.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk causes the creation of transformative ideas by funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong with Silicon Valley.
Even when risk capitalists were in their logical point without worrying about risk, they preferred little investments -- tiny investment that they could go out in 10 years.
The CIA has always had problems to invest with benefits in technologies as energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is long-term development -- they've never invested in developing technologies that are meant to solve big problems because they don't have immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deep.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biologist. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
The coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biological.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in price, don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policies and international treaties will encourage development of an alternative energy -- most of a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of the coal price of the coal.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we're going to see an energy policy in America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that seem to be technological, it turns out not to be.
We know for a long time that famines are result of failure in the food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine is political crisis that affect catastrophic food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest, or systems for storage and food repair -- but there will be famine as there were bad governments.
Finally, big problems sometimes evaluate a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the cancer war in 1973, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we can't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present -- political leaders and population should want to solve the problem, the institutions must support the solution, it must actually be a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something as as a metaphor for the ability of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria.
But it's a regular model in the future.
We're not in 1960.
There is no gravitational competition like in the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who heroes how difficult and dangerous, and there is no popular mythology of science fiction as the one of exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
It was just three days.
And it really wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present and the solutions of the future will be more difficult to get.
God knows that we don't lack the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by telling you the widespread ideas that have about trust.
They're so common that they've become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first is a classes: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second is a goal, we should have more trust.
And the third one is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task have been wrong.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, a goal and a task, which I think gives you a more clear idea about it.
First of all, why do people think that trust has disappearing?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I urge you to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions and that could have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can go back to opinion polls and opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at opinion polls over time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, people who were deconstructed 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same decoration.
And the people who were very reliable about 20 years ago, they are still quite conflict, old ones, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen of the street is almost exactly halfway in the middle of the road.
But is this enough evidence.
What opinion polls are of course, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask some questions.
Does it trust politicians, trust the teachers?
Now, if somebody asked you, "Do you trust the levels?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primary teachers?
You probably would start asking, "What do you do for?"
And that would be a very sensible response.
And you could say, when you have answered your question, "Well, trust in some, but in other not."
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a certain type of office, function or type of person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, saying that I trust a certain primary primary that I know to give the kind of reading, but in no way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good deal.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we have gotten those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is differences, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust more abstraction?
I think the surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to obvious the good inherent judgment to the fact of trusting something or somebody.
Second, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
That's not the goal that I would push.
I would try to have more confidence in what it is of trust, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm a participation of not trusting what is not reliable.
And I think that those people who were choosing their savings with the very closely named Mr. Martin, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yeah, they were too conflict.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
Trust definition or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you say it, it says, yes, OK, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's about is making a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think that in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competition? Are they honest? Are they responsibility?
And if you find that a person is competitive in the permanent stuff, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the mail because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent, but extremely disaster.
If it looks like that, I don't have a percent of it.
But that's what we're looking for, trustworthiness.
Trust is the answer.
Confidence is what we have to judge with.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build account systems for all kinds of institutions, professional and officials and so on, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember one time I was talking to a piece and said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper that will attend the party in it."
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to guarantee conflict and techniques in reality, is actually doing the opposite.
What they do is they do the work of the people who have to do difficult tasks, like the partners, by telling them that they kill the cars: as we say.
I sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the goal.
I think the goal should be more conflict, and that things would be different if we're trying to be worthy of trust, and we're going to transfer to the people that we are reliable and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy. It's the trial, the simple actions, the attitudes, what it doesn't do properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild the trust, put things back into the way.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can rebuild a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if it's two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in effect, is different because we have other people.
You can't rebuild what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases to be able to trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive it, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to bring out the female evidence that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, the common people do it, the functions, the institutions very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can give you no explanation.
I take them and give me the money, or they change me for the color I want.
That's great. I trust them because they were vulnerable to me.
I think there's a big lesson in that.
If you become vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust, and you have trust in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're pointing is not really hard to disease.
What people trust is in relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers we've been striving to reduce separation between us and digital information, separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be determined.
This separation has been shrinking out, increasingly and more and more than today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there was no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
First of all, I created this tool that goes into digital space, so that when the strong print against screen transfers its physical body to paradigms.
Designers can motivate their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs below the screen.
So with this tool they break the barriers apart.
But the two hands stay out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the Middle Science division of Microsoft, along with my mentor Cassini Bonobo, I wrote the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with a depth camera to detect the fingers and the face, you can now lift the keyboard hands, get inside of the 3D space, and grab paradox directly with your hands.
Like the windows and the files have a location in real space, to select them is as easy as taking a book of a shelf.
You can rotate the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that is below every floating screen.
architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with their hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
What if we invest the paper, and make digital information come into us?
Now, a lot of us will have bought and turn things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry.
What I have here is a virtual speaker on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a device in your head or translated when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we took this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them?
How would a future be like this?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii, my collaborator Remover Populate, we created this only physical picture.
This spherical magnet is behaving like a 3D pixel in space, which means that as much as the users can move the object anywhere inside this little three-dimensional space.
So simplifying, what we did was the gravity and control the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detectors acceptance.
And by programming the object, we release it from time restrictions and space, which means that human movements can be recorded and back to reproduce and stay forever in the physical world.
You can teach computers physically and at the distance and the famous shots of Michael Jordan can be replicated as a physical reality the time we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike the monkeys or the textbook books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can play and feel. It's very powerful.
But what's most fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
And as you see, digital information will not only show us something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without having to get rid of our world.
We started talking today about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that remains is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Houston, China, in the 1970s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all the pathogens.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a certain path towards happiness -- safe and good job.
No matter if the work would like me or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese warm.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start to train from very young to learn the accidents, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
Until I wrote to the director of school and the president of a radio program.
But no adult gave him the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at age 15 years, I knew that it was too much bigger to train.
My dream would never be done.
I feared that during the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I looked for another voice.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It goes to the books.
(Audience Computers of San Sandy Charlest Charles -- came to the United States in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
"The Good Earth is about Chinese capital life.
And it's not convenient proposition. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a theme for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a reverse, "Honor your father and your mother."
"Honor, I said. It's so different, and much better than obligate."
So it became my tool to get out of this collaborator of collection and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave rise to my comparative reading habit.
A lot of perspectives.
For example, this map was at the beginning, because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to myself, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
Compassion reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contract and offer the academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it also in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
They can treat "people from "Beethoven Isaac "James Asian "James Asian who were involved in a same satellite, or friends with shared experiences.
For the crisis, the temptation is economic, policies and spiritual ones.
For the Buddha they're all psychologist: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
"The Charles Trip Thomas Thomas Members March Days instead of getting lost in translation. I found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that "phone in Chinese literally means "a quick "secret." Jan!
And "Nobel in Chinese, literally means new mother." Oh.
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to go back to feel alone or important.
Having a destroyed dream is really nothing compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that dreams come from, where the passion comes from.
To a destroyed dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, that today I'm here, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So books always embrace them.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychotherapy clients.
I was a medical student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman called Alex.
Alex came into the first session using cowboy and a hid tube, and he took on the couch of my office and took the shoes and told me that he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relatively.
My classmates had a little bit like a first client.
And I got a speaker that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the Christian stories that Alex brought to the sessions, it made me easy to move the head as we removed the solution.
"The three are the new senses: Alexander said, and so I saw it, she was right.
You start working afterwards, you get home later, you have children later, to death later.
For sales like Alex and I had time.
But shortly after, my supermarket prepared me to press Alex who would talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Sure, he's coming out with guys under his category -- it fits with a head head, but it's not like it went to marry him."
And then my supermarket said, "You don't know, but maybe you marry the next one.
In addition, the best moment to work on the marriage of Alex is before it gets care."
This is what psychologists call a moment "Hey!"
It was when I realized that the '30s aren't the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used to do, but this didn't make the 20 of Alex in their development.
This made the age of Alex in the perfect moment, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign negativity was a real problem and had real consequences -- not only for Alex and his loving life, but for the race, the families and the future of sales everywhere.
There are 50 million dollars in the United States, today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider that nobody gets to the adult and not going on before in the '70s.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the vents here.
Oh, yeah. They're amazing.
If you work with the vents, you love an invention, you take your dream a dream, I want to see -- it's fine. Incredible, real very important.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will be 35 years old.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and moments "Army -- that shape his life will have gone to when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, don't go into panic.
This audience is going to be okay, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know that more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at 30 years.
We know that the brain ends up its second and last stage of growth in its early 20, and it's reprogram for the adult, which means that if there's something that you want to change yourself, now is the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their early 20 than at any other time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its endgame at the age of 28, and things become complicated at 35 to 35 things.
The 20 are the time to educate about their body and their options.
When we think about development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your daily and common life has an impact on the person that will become a bedroom.
But what we don't hear often is that there is something called adult development and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the inmates are listening.
newspapers talk about changes in the time of the adult.
Researchers call the 20s an extended adolescence.
journalists are taking ridiculous names to the veterans like Twitters and "Holley."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a civilization which is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Berneal said that to make big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it true?
What do you think when you give a painting on your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency, and their ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart penguins, interesting like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like this: "I know my girlfriend is not good for me, but this relationship. I'm just killing time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as I start a career before the 30, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound something like this: "My 20s are for finishing up, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curve the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts sound like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the game of chairs.
They all ran and fun, but then at some point around the 30, he took away the music, and they all began to sit down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so I sometimes think I was married with my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30."
Where are the penguins here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme, but it doesn't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30s, there's a huge pressure to the three-dimensional and so many of you to start a career, choose a city, pick up a mate, and have two or three children in a much more short time.
A lot of these things are not compassionate, and there are research that start showing you, which is much more difficult and more interesting to do everything at the age of 30.
The media crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing you can't have the career you want now.
I realize you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of trains and curiosity look at themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I doing? What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the inmates are doing and thinking.
Here is a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At the age of 25, Emma came to my office because I was in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or in entertainment, but he still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a way.
As I was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult life, his previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she lifted himself by saying, "One doesn't choose his family, but he can choose his friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I just bought a new book for director, and I had spent all the morning filling it with his many contacts. But then he was looking at the empty space that follows after the words in case of emergency please call me the way."
I was on the history when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have a car accident.
Who is going to care for me if I get cancer?
At that time, I got a lot of work to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a therapist that was really worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sit while the December decade of Emma went forward.
So for the next few weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all of the interviews, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and get identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean to do something that adds value to its person.
Doing something that's an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the Emma race future, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity of identity generates capital.
So now it's the moment for that work on the other side of the country, from that interest, of that company that you want to test with.
I'm not slowing up the willingness to the venture, I am describing the exploration that I should not say, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's protection.
I told Emma to explore jobs and let them tell you.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are survived.
The best friends are excellent to lead to the airport, but the inventions that come together with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who you know, what you know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital -- that new person who will go out almost always comes from their closest circle.
The new things come from what's called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the sales have a bad job or don't have work.
But the other half not -- and the weak links are the form of colorizing this group.
Half of the jobs created never being published, then meeting the boss of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information happens.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but you know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a painting, Emma will soon choose his family, when he has a partner and her own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had arrived.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to feel that the 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live now, or you get excited now when everyone on Facebook start walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
Choose your family must be a conscious choice of who you want instead of just making it work or killing time with whoever you are to choose to you.
So what about Emma?
Well, we looked at that principal, and she found a quarter of a cousin that was working on an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work of work gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organized events in museums.
This is a man with a man who chose constantly.
He loves his new career, loves his new family, and he sent me a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough."
Emma story may sound easy, but that's what I love to work with investment.
It's very easy to help them.
The inventions are like airplanes that come out of the Los Angeles airport that goes out somewhere in the West.
Just before the store, a slight advertisement in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fish.
In the same way, at the age of 21, or 25 and even at the age of 29, a good conversation, a good TED Talk, can have huge effects in the next years or even the next generation.
Here's my idea worthy of spread to all the windows you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
This is what I have now the privilege of telling you to desires like Emma every day: The three-dimensional is not the new 20, they get their adult -- they get an identity capital, they use their weak links -- they choose your family.
They don't let us define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in management for a work that was even more excited," the doctor.
I went to teach them mathematics to speed students in New York Public schools.
And as any teacher, I applied tests and testing.
I gave them tasks.
When the work went back, they calculated the grades.
What called me the attention was that the I.Q. wasn't the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of those who had a better performance had no strategic I.Q. points.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing that you need to learn in math in seventh grade, safe, are difficult: proportions, decisions, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time.
After several years of a dozen years, I got to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivational perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure a better way.
It's the CIA, but what if we succeed in school and in life depends on much more than the ability to learn faster and easy.
So I left the classroom and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all kinds of challenging stage, and in every study my question was, who has success here and why?
My research team and I went to the West West Peter Academy.
We tried to predict what chains remain in military training and who would retract.
We went to the National Congress of Delhous and tried to predict what kids would move out of the most far possible in competition.
We study noticed teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, asking what teachers still are teaching for the end of the school year and those who will be the most effective to improve the results of learning of their students.
We partnered with private companies, asking ourselves, which of these marketers are going to maintain their point of work?
And who is going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, a characteristic emerged as a major prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't good appearance, physical health, and it wasn't the CIA.
It was determination.
Deception is passion and perseverance. To achieve very long-term goals.
The determination is to have resistance.
The determination is to go to its future, day after day, not just a week, not only for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who made my determination questions and then waited around a year to see who they graduate.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater probability likely to graduate -- even when they were caught in every characteristic that I could measure, things like family income, the results of the standardized testing, even security that kids felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or in the National Congress of Delhous in which the determination is also in school, especially for kids at risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking about determination is how little we know, how little you know science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do I develop determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a Swedish ethical sound?
How do I keep them motivated for the long part?
The most honest answer is: I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give you determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are a lot of talented individuals that simply don't follow with their commitment.
In fact, in our data, determination is commonly not related or even connected to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth meaning."
This is an idea developed at the University of Stanford by Carol Deceptor, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with the effort.
Dr. December has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how they change and grow in response to challenge, they are much more likely to feel when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I finish my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have on the front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure whether they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to equal, to start all over again with the lessons learning.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as the daughter of a calculator, one of my most attached memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an alien, it seems to be as impossible as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can break this wall, so that whoever is that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we only have five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and faster way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature -- enough to read signals of traffic, restaurants -- understanding the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today I will start with eight to show you how method works.
Are you ready?
You open your mouth as much as possible until it's painful.
Get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
Person.
If the shape of the fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if I was screaming in a frantic way, "Andrew: I'm committed." This symbol is actually original to the form of the call, but I like to believe it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
trees.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door symbol looks like a couple of door doors in the old East.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create a lot more characters.
One person.
If somebody walks back, that's "well."
As the old man says, two are a company, three are multinational.
If one person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was like this big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner as Jones in the whale.
A tree is a tree. Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the companies.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of realization:   And so a part of the tree is pretty idiot.
Remember fire.
Two fire together, it becomes very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's cheap.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two alone together, I propose.
Three together, those are storms.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon. And Alexander.
A door. Put a table inside the door, is the door clothes.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Did I play, did there be somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, scale, evaluating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing them.
Three women together, they have care abundance.
So we've already gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical will allow you to build 32.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundreds of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing that you learn an eight year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters we start to create sentences.
So for example, the mountain and fire together, we have a forest mountain -- it's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the land of the night sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east in China.
So a sun next to the origin we create Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two stacked mountains, one on the other.
On the old China, that meant in exile because Chinese workers were leading their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile.
A mouth that tells you where to go out is a salt.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the films that I get to see.
I love to share my favorite films with my kids, when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Olympic magician together.
The film mastered his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Gland, of course.
He gave him a good excuse to use a brilliant dress and take a magic variable.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and we create our children in a kind of industrial complication show.
However, the Oz magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took four years later with completely, and curiously, another film whose protocols, a metal boy and a film boy rescued a dressed girl as the guide of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Olympic magician and all the films that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like the apples.
But I think if O's magician was done today, the magician would say, Dortundan, you're the O's salvation as the product predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the military computer-generated military of the balloon battery.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing from the OK of Oz is that the most heroic characters and wise and even villages are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
Three years old.
It wasn't invited to projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the level of surveillance had gone down.  And so he took up in the room and he was impressed as a mom left with his patents behind it, and I didn't think he would understand what was happening, but inevitably, it would absorb everything.
I wonder what perception.
Would you be value issues, perseverance.
Would the feeling of Luke one to an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the Obama magician of 1933.
How do you make Dortan its film?
You know, doing good little messages with everyone and being a leader.
It's the kind of world that I want my children to grow on OK, OK? And not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much capital FBI, force in the movies for our kids, and so little of the way of yellow launchers?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and you should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus here.
I know for experience that the Lega princess doesn't provide the right framework that I had served to navigate the world of adults that are miterally.  I think at the moment of the first kiss. I really expected the credit to start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have a girlfriend.
Why are you still there?
I don't know what I should do.
The films are focused on defeat the village and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a silly animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There are a lot of exceptions, and it will defend Disney princess to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they are boys, they're not really their objective public.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the palettes, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patronadely.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, so real and lovely like Herbie and Katrinas, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful topic of all times continues to appear in classic after classical -- each of them on the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who were creating a girl.
Until that, as many of you are thinking, this year, it finally came out.
I recommend all of you. It's available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when he came out Valentine?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a cliff.
It's very good. Don't let them stop them.
Well, almost none of these films pass the Becko test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It's still no roots and it's spreading, but maybe today, we will start a movement.
Alexander Becko is a comic drawing, and in the middle '80s, I recorded a conversation that had had a friend of mine on the assessment of the films that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that should be done, in the movie, is there more than a female character that has lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie.
Your conversations are about something more apart from the kid that you like?  All right? Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality, Arabic.
Right? Russians of Oscar, success success -- an idea of what a quality Hollywood film is.
Virtually it doesn't pass the Beach test.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the movie, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the movie happens in an ambassador where men and women hide during the residents of the renewables.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this school, and it's the great moment for one of the tricks to take a look at the door and say, "You come to bed, car?
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at numbers.
In 2011, of the most popular films, how many of them think they have female protocols?
One. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women we've chosen recently for Congress, then it's fine.
But there's a larger number that this room is going to be dependent.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
One of five women said that it's been sexually assaulted once in their life.
I don't think it's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the films for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked -- but something goes wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is there is a lot of sexual ambulances.
Who are those guys, what are you learning about?
What don't you get to learn?
Are you looking at the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the village with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and not talk?
Are we looking at that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we found this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our disposal as a power guide, and we hope that it helps that help, but I have to ask you, good power is going to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think Netflix list is a way to do something really important, and here I mean primarily the parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how the new economy is changing the role of the role of the home and the analogy.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character of Star Wars know what he answers?
One-summer.
Burgenetic Kennedy and Gland.
What are these two tonies?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories to tell my son, "Go and fight only and more stories where you see that his job is to join a team -- maybe a team dedicated by women, help other people improve and be better people, like the Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked most was looking for sea biscuits on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that it would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered in sand and it's hard to see them.
However, I used to look for it.
I started seeing shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the architecture.
And finally when I started studying eggs, I realized that seeing with my own eyes was not enough.
Because suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of 3,000 miles of length alongside the Nino.
And my sea cookies had grown up the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew I had to see differently.
So I want to show you an example of how different we see when we use infrastructure.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place is that it seems to be brown -- but when we use infrared and processing it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and employees.
I want to share with you how we use satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Italy, lost for thousands of years.
Italy was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a time period called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is in the Fale, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of the ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Italy was located somewhere near the two kings of the two kings that built them, indicate within the red circles here, but somewhere inside this huge grandmother planning.
This area is enormous, it's about 6,000 miles for 4.0 miles.
Before, the Nile flows right next to the Italy and as it changed over time, he went to the east, and he covered the whole city.
So how do you find a city standing in an extinct landscape?
And trying to find it to random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a painting, with the eyes sold and using baseball guides.
So we use nuclear data from NASA to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows out.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, which we think could be the location of the ATLS.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs. You can see it here.
When I say I'm showing you, it's like the sample atoms in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human occupation layers.
Five feet down, under a thick layer of local, we found a dense layer of pottery objects.
This means that in this possible location of Italy, five meters down, we have a layer of occupation of several hundred years that data Empire Middle, exactly the same period we think is Athil.
We also found pressure jobs and corner, quartz and cat, which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not too much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry that shows that what has been there, it was a very important city.
We still don't find Italy here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make big discoveries.
I want to end with my favorite quote in the Middle Empire -- probably was written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
To share knowledge is most of all vocals.
There's nothing like that on land.
So it looks like TED wasn't founded in 1984 -- C.
It makes ideas happen really started in 1984 to C in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door.
I want you to pay attention to the door color, to the material that it's done.
Now visualizing a group of obese non-zero-sum notes.
They are competing in a national care of bicycles and they're going into their front door.
I need you to look at this.
They're pulling strong, they're sweating, they're going to be a lot.
And they collide from front against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying all over the place, wheels that are going on next to the wheels that end up in open places -- pass the door threshold.
On the lobby, or what there is on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light. The light shining over the Gallery Monster.
He's waving it with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that he's talking about.
You can feel your blue fur, making it tickle in your nose.
You can smell the oats. You can smell that you're about to get into your mouth.
They go on the side and enter their living room.
Already in the room, and making maximum use of their imagination, imagine Britney Spider.
He's with little clothes, dancing on his center music, singing His Chinese Time Mehoodoo.
Now give me the kitchen.
The soil has been coated with a path of yellow brick and from the oven, they come to you Dorectory, the Los Man of Lower, the Spanish and the lion of "The Mag of Oissly, brought out of your hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar contest that takes place every spring in New York.
It's called the United States Memorial Camera."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting for me, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise supermarket.
There were several men and a few different ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
They memorized the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who he could memorize with greater rapidly.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Court who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
I asked him, "Yeah, when did you realize you were a kid?
Ed said, "I am not a kid.
I actually have a average memory.
Everybody who's involved in this competition say they have normal memory.
"We have trained ourselves to perform these miraculous memory acts using some ancient techniques, and invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Coloma used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did I have no heard of this before?
We were standing outside the room of competition, and Ed -- who is a wonderful and brilliant English English English English English and said, "John, you're an American journalist.
Do you know Britney spikes?
And I said, "What? No, why?
"Because I'd like to teach Britney Spideshind how to memorize the order in a lawyer of living laps, in national television.
That would prove the world that anyone can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not Britney Spiderman, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start by something no?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work and what the potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E.
He's an an anger, very probably with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem. It's awesome.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that allowed to see how much our memory we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peter. It was based on the paper of Dumbia Homo in the movie "Ray Man."
We spent a afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing phone books, was central.
And when you come back, you read a number of treaties about the written memory that is written by a 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Anthropocene, and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and culture was not such a weird thing as it can look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, in providing their minds.
These techniques have made our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed us culturally and I would argue that they have also changed us.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes we seem to have forgotten how to do it.
One of the latest places on our planet where you still find people passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and culture is this very unique memory of memory.
It's actually not so singular -- there are competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from University College invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or dramatically different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest of this?
They gave them a cool test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and the control subjects that they were comparing them.
When they put them in a MRI machine, they scanned their brains as they memorized numbers and faces and forms of soldiers -- found that in the memory champions they were lit in parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there anything we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive marketing is driving as an armed race where each year comes up with someone with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should be able to get on the day.
This is my friend Ben Prince, three times memory.
In his desk, in front of him, there are 36 barrels of desertification napping that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and that only he dominated.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 4,000 random binary digits.
Yeah. Yes.
And while there is a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all the techniques used at the end of the end of the end of a single concept that psychologists call the "language "Collapse."
It illustrates with a paradox called "Because the Parker paradox -- "Beardoire says this: I tell two people who remember the same word -- I tell you, remember there's a man called Baghdad."
That's his pill.
And then I ask you, remember there's a "Batheado ...
And when I go back later, I ask you, "Do you remember that word I told you a right?
Remember what it was?
The person who was told that their name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word that the person who was told that their work is "Bamboo."
Same word, different memory capacity. That's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, it doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word, "Bature." We know panels.
They use simple white hats.
They have hunger in their hands.
They smell well when they come home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting a lot of accident scans to fish at some point there.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this data about 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the "demographic "paradox."
The story says this: There was a poet called Sympoints that attended a bank.
They had hired it as a entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, you didn't bring a DJ, it was hired to a poet.
He stood up, he received his memory poem, and he got married, and he was as soon as he was, the flag of the banker collapsed.
By killing them all.
But not only killed all of them, but it destroys the bodies to give them ingredients.
No one could say who was there, no one could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't get into the bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Simple, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble -- closed the eyes, and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where he had been sitting in every single way.
I took the family from the hand taking them to where they were their loved ones.
What similarity warned at that moment is something that we all know about more or less intuitively enough, and it is that no matter if we're not good enough to remember names or phone numbers or instructions of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you ask them to be required for the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simoness, it's very likely to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who was sitting on the parallel horse brown in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory paper is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it out of images with the things you want to remember -- the more local, the most local, the faster and the pressure is the picture, most likely to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties in Latin.
And how does it work?
So let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give a talk and you want to make it memory -- the same way that you would have made it Circle if you had invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on the door of your house.
And it will make some sort of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and inversed image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely useless competition.
And then you can imagine getting into your house, and seeing the Montague of the Gates Mountain on Mister E.
And that would remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Court.
And then you would see Britney Spiderman to remind you that funny anecdote you want to tell.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth issue that they would talk about would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how the Roman speakers memorize their speeches -- not word for word, which is going to confuse them, but typical by typical.
In fact, the term typical technology: comes from the Greek "The Greece, which means "sign."
It's a version of when people thought about the orientation and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase in the first place, it would be like the first place in his memory break.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I got out of full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing something extraordinary about this competitive memorized.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a genetically boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting there taking tests, and I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is killed the front.
I'm a journalist and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people, but I don't have access to it.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try and put it in place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an old school ring bought in a thumb market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
You would never expect it to be.
It was intense, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is getting better and more and more of the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, cameras, productive, abstract and hopefully interesting images, in the eye of the mind.
I get pretty happy about this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of ears and some security glasses covered with tape leaving only two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest that I had covered a year before. I had the idea that it could be increased, in a kind of participatory journalistic experiment.
I thought this could serve a good product for all of my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the contest -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course, it's nice to be able to memorize speeches and phone numbers, and shopping lists -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And it doesn't need to be put to build memory palaces or memorize barrels of the napping, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how their mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it's an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
On the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply deeply.
The pack of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even real deadlines.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a kind of complete attention that most of us don't go through running around there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things are made memories.
And if there's something I want to leave you today is what EB: the an angle that I couldn't even remember that had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what is already our short existence missing in the Blacks or iPhone, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks on our side -- will we be so horizontal that we don't even bother in processing deep?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you have to be the kind of person who remember remembering remember.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk today about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we will just take a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N. Jersey, I was six years old, and I lived there in my parents in a village called Liberia, and this was my child bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And between my dorm and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the room to be.
And there they all spent the whole thing looking at the telly -- so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, they all looked at me, and every time I told me and I would go back on a towel. They all see me.
And I was like this.
It was a bored, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that wrong, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Listen.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, no division of areas -- but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we occupy in.
And it's no wonder that we feel that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency -- Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
It is, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways we don't even realize it.
That makes us a little bit naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I do to you -- you think of power, "spiritual and democracy."
And I know that you think about it as being based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a demand that architects use to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's an emotional emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We used it 200 years to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century, we use it to build homes.
Look, these stable, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is frightening.
It's expensive, it takes a long time, and it's very complicated.
The people who build, the urbanization and the governments, are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways they know they're going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Liberia Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and you know, has a dome -- it has this story -- it has this round thing, columns, red load, that let you go into the Liberia tries to communicate with this building -- the children, the property values, the story.
But it doesn't have a lot to do with a library today.
That same year in 2004, on the other side of the country, it ended up another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to get together, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of these buildings, both called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works according to the beginning of the pollen.
On one side is innovation, the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new technicians, new solutions for the forms of life.
We pushed, we drive and we push so much, we get completely away from people.
All black of black, this depends on us, you think we feel very good, but we're dead in the inside, because we don't have another choice.
We have to go on the other side and come back to connect with those symbols.
So we do that, and we are all happy, but we feel like transplants, so we start experimenting with a new package, and we make the pander back forward, over and over again, so we've done it in the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago, we walked out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the crowd called building."
It has to do with the concrete.
That can be guess.
Small windows, demanding scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the '80s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the pendulum back in the other direction.
We take those shapes that we know that we know and we update them.
We added our hands and we added cake and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give awake.
We take Cheftology arms and turn them into skyscrapers that can be mass cardiacks made of glass.
The shapes were agreed, they won in audacity and color.
The wings became a columns.
The children grew up to the size of buildings.
A madness.
But it was the 1980s, that was great.
We all spend the mouse in commercial centers, we move to neighborhoods, and there, in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to the Mediterranean, the French or the Italian.
It's probably a painting of bread pales.
This is what happens with position.
This is what happens with the symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we collect memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Torah.
This is Ohyon.
The architects feel frustrated and we start making the post again in the other direction.
In the '80s and early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called decoration.
We are detailed by the historical symbols, we now count with new computer design techniques, and we find new compositions, some ways that star against other forms.
This is academic and freedom, and it's super proportional -- you're totally excited.
Normally the pollutant post again in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Giant of Billie, from Frank George.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Golden said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when the critics and academics and public in general, were completely agreement about a building.
The New York Times was causing this building of miracle.
The tourism in Bilbao increased at 2,500 percent when the building ended up.
So suddenly, everybody wanted one of those buildings, Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Space.
Everybody wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms, wild and radical, how is it possible to become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media was generally gained around them, and we quickly learned that those shapes mean culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
They did the same positions in the world.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and the tourists.
This phenomenon of early millennium begins with other star architects.
I went to Zaha and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the threshold of the new millennium, actually started to happen with all the architecture, the digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about, for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked to the next town to see a building.
The transportation gets accelerated, you can take a boat, an airplane, can be tuberculosis.
The technology. You can see in the newspapers, on the TV, and at the end, we are all architecture photographers and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere. That means that the speed of communications has finally reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It doesn't spend a lot of time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years old, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings more, before knowing if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The brutal wasn't a two-year-old movement, but 20 years old.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we are in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of concrete. steel or disgust, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the pollution to the media, it starts to discover faster and faster, to be in both extremes almost in simultaneously, and it's effectively distributed to the difference between innovation and symbol, between us, architects and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge of something completely new.
Let me show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was filled.
This is the center of a village called Pines in Fire Island in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was done, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly at the end of the product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community, that first summer, when people began to get and shared it in social media, the building stopped being only a building, became a media, because these are not just images of a building, they're the images that you made from the building.
And as you use it to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative -- and that makes cool memory corrupts and in charge these symbols. We learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those libraries of Liberia.
If that building was built today, we first went to the Internet in search of new libraries."
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation.
That's multiple.
Multiple people who can take the Liberia Mayor to the people in Liberia, and tell them that there's no unique answer to what a library can be today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives freedom to experiment.
Everything is different now.
architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use grand words and complicated drawings, and one is no longer a devastating audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't let you engage by architecture.
That means that the operating packaging of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find right solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that the buildings in the morning will be very different to the buildings today.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Sevening can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what a stadium should be.
That means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways they're going to produce.
That means that buildings are associated with nature capitals and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, it can also serve to make sports or for yoga or even one can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with a nation at the East River in New York, and raise half a million dollars from the community united around that cause, no longer a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little role of regimes, as muscle and fiber as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on the opposite side.
They find an architect, hire them and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
Buildings not only reflect our society, but they give shapes to the smaller spaces, the local libraries -- the homes where we shape our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Steve.
He just turned a year and he started walking.
And it does it in that great way, typical of the children in a year, to take usual, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that you like to do for the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection here.
He goes down and cheering, and he gives himself these big ones and eyes.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think, "When do I stop doing this?
How is it that all of a sudden we're not on the way with our appearance?
Because apparently, we don't like it.
Every month, 10,000 people look at Google, am I a gene?
This is Fair, it's 13 years old and lives in Denieva.
And as any teenagers, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It has a little bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the time he is beautiful, every day in school, somebody tells him it's ugly.
In between what his mom tells him and what his friends, or school colleagues tell him, don't know who to believe.
So a video of herself does a video of it, put it on YouTube, and he asks others that please leave a comment, "Am I nice or a famous?
Okay, so far, Fair has received more than 13,000 comment.
Some of these are so deep, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy teenager, normal and current teenager, who receives these answers in one of the most vulnerable life stages.
Thousands of people are publishing videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what is bringing them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, charging, saying, "I like, "I like to share, sharing, publishing this never ends.
Never before we have been so connected -- in a continuous way, in such a young way.
As a mother told me, "It's like there's a party in your room every night.
There's simply no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are implicative.
This environment, of being always connected to our kids to address based on the number of "I like they have and the kinds of comments that they get.
There's no division between a life online and the real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what's real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what's authentic and what's diagnosed with digital.
What is the most detailed thing in someone in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are taken from the girls of the girls now.
Step models continue to dominate our passwords.
The technique of the advertising is now a routine now.
And trends like, "Deltantial, Lakota, original and pray.
For those of you who know it, it does mean professional.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people behave.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like those of the supply stars of sports and the remote singers of the sport.
But what is the problem with all this?
Well, we really want our children to grow healthy and be very well balanced.
But in a culture obsessed with the image, we're teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacity, their studies and other aspects start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't look good enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contributions to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class. They avoid in the classroom debate because they don't want to call attention for their physical appearance.
One out of five are not attending to classes at all.
And in the temperature season, if you don't think you see the good enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you will get a lower note to the average of your peers, who don't care about the appearance of the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland and the United States and China.
And it gets regardless of what actually weigh these young people.
So, so that it's going to be very clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you are really.
The low self-esteem on your body is definitively delivering academic performance.
And it's also detrimental health.
The teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat less fruits and vegetables, they participate in more diabetes than they can take them to a food desert.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them, and they're in greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all about this for what they make more risky decisions, like the consumption of alcohol and drugs, drug diabetes, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and support damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is preserving the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have again, regardless of whether they have or don't have greater advantage rates.
17 percent of women are not presented to a work interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they see.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would that opportunity?
Leaven this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, it doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first one is that we have to instill trust in its own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many available programs to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing the situation.
So we should make sure that the program that follow our children will not only have a positive impact but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six things are critical parts for anyone to provide an education in body self-esteem that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us to take the bonds in the issue, and we are a better model to follow by women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell with the approval of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their chest, or to encourage that the determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as they see.
We can all start by doing it by taking responsibility for the kind of images and comments that we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you the question: When was the last time you had a mirror?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as businesses, to truly change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing all their people, valuing individuality, diversity, inclusion for it.
We have to put people who are actually making the difference in a piece.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them the ones that come out on the big screen because we just create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of them, where the way they believe they are never keeping them from being who they are, or reaching what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your lives.
Who have in mind?
Your wife.
Your sister before?
Your daughter.
Is it their own one?
Could it just be the woman who is two seats. What would it mean for her if it was released from that autobiographical voice on his interior, he was terrified for not having long legs -- the most thin loss, a more flat book, a smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we were driving this and we would say reading back to its potential in that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is getting us all together.
But let's teach our children the truth.
We show that the way you see is just a part of your identity, and the truth is, you love them for those who are and so they do, and because of how they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small trees of an age of age, they become the agents of safe change of themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November five, 1990, a gentleman named Ella National entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the Arab Meice Kaau, the leader of the Defense Judaism League leader.
To the National National Sentence initially declared it, but being prepared by other lower charges -- in the company of others, they started planning attacks to about 12 New York, including tunnels, synagogues and the headquarters of the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant report.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't be avoided.
Later Navalance would be convicted by its participation in that attack.
Ella Navible is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being a Egyptian engineer, with a loving American mother, primary school master -- between the two did all the possible to give me a happy child.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a way of Islam -- that very few even most Muslims get to meet.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require much to get the same things in life.
However, in every religion, in every human group, there is always a little fraction of people who go so hard to their convictions that think that you have to use all the media possible for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat up with me and explained that in the last few weeks, he and some friends, had been going to train training in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the stream of stress California, which without knowing our group -- was actually picked by the FBI.
When I was angry, my father helped me hold the ring in the shoulder, and explained to me how to aim the goal at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I trigger gave the little orange light on the goal, and to surprise all of us, especially me, all the goal in flames.
My uncle became the others and in Arabic, he said "I was going to say "Arthur."
From such father, such a son.
All of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter. But only a few years later, I understood what they were so funny.
You saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted for putting a card in a card of 700 pounds of explosives in the underground space of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and killed another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "Mummie," which means uncle.
When I was 19, I had moved 20 times, that instability during my childhood didn't allow me to make a lot of friends.
Every time I started feeling comfortable close to someone already was time to start and go to another city.
As I was always the new face of the class in frequency was a matter of material.
I felt secret my identity to avoid being the white, but being the new of class, silence and regular, was enough municipality.
So most of the time I spent it at home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it self-assembled -- to grow under familiar, I wasn't prepared for the real world.
I was educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could you open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that they had to test my thinking was for the presidential elections of 2000.
In a university program I participated at the Jewish National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the subject of youth violence -- as I had been victims of the most of my life, it was something I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids who we had made friendships, was Jewish.
I took several days to go out to the light this detail and realized that there was no analysis between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend and frankly, I was very proud of having been able to sell the barrier that all life had been made me believe that it was infrastructure.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer work in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures, that experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All of life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin and, fortunately, all of the homosexual was bad influences.
By the way, I had the opportunity to work with gay actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and most critical ones I had seen in life.
Having been accepted by a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it was not easy to be treated by a nice person, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I could hire the stereotypes that had taught me a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be homogenesial, but I know what is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then he came the Dalla Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me intellectually honest about my interactions, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
And in many ways, he became my home figure at a time when I was desperately holding it.
In occasions, inspiration can come from unexpected -- and that a Jewish comedian would have had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremist, wasn't in vain anymore.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would consider in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with ended up enough and said, "I'm tired of decentralized."
At that time, I realized how much negative energy you need to keep all of that hatred into your inside.
My real name is not Zaganet Ethiopia.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done it because I hope someone else is trying to lead to violence, I can hear my story and understand that there is a better path, that even though I was convinced to this violent and intrinsic ideology I didn't get to make myself fantastic.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism to talk about these meaningless acts, as I reject my father's actions.
With this simple I was exposed here as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race -- that children don't have to follow the roads of their parents.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
Right now, there's a film that projects in their minds.
It's an incredible multi-to-person movie.
It's at 3D, and it has a robust sound of what you hear and you see right now, but that's just the beginning.
Your film has a word, taste and texture.
It feels your body, your pain, your famine, your pleasure.
It has emotions, angry and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood being projected in your eyes.
And it has constantly a voice superimposed in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in the dark.
This film is your consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of the human.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least I know I have a proper consciousness.
I have no certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we were not aware of it, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these inner movies?
Why are we not only robots that are processing what we receive to produce outcomes without experiencing the inner movie in the interest?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science is objective for nature.
consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, I predict that vision.
psychology studied the behavior obviously, the neuroscience was studying the brain, but never anybody mentioned consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then, 20 years ago, everything started to change.
So neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Permany said, "Now it's the moment for science to shoot consciousness.
And since then, there was a real explosion -- a flourishing of scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental constraints until the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations between some areas of the brain and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzie presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of looking at faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these areas of the brain are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain that by saying that this kind of work of neuroscience answer some questions that we want to explain the consciousness, the questions about what certain areas of the brain do and what they correlate with.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense to neuroscientists.
There are actually no easy problems with consciousness.
Because it doesn't address the real central mystery of this material, why do every physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective internal movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's give it a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like the embryos, like the hurricanes, like the life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical supply is all cases of emerging behaviors, how the embryosions operate how the Hurricanes work, how the hurricane works, how they reproduce and adapt to the living organisms, are all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walk, how we talk, how we play chess -- are all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the hard problem, is that the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the engineering, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of the automation that works. For a long time, I hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms.
But at the end I came to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we're stuck at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations -- we get used to this, physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are aware of.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific view of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that are at first seem crazy before we can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Your crazy idea is that there is no difficult problem of consciousness.
All the idea of the inner subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions -- the behaviors of the brain, and so you study everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductional consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply deny that the observation of consciousness is safe.
But I'm in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promised.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental launches, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and property are not explained in terms of nothing more basic.
On the contrary, they consider fundamental and it's built the world.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental allowed it.
In the 19th century, Mach discovered that you can't explain the electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of fundamental concepts -- space, time, dough -- the laws of Newton -- so I put the basic laws of electromagnetic laws -- and put the electrical load as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain the consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas, space, time, mass, payload -- then by a matter of logic, you have to throw the list.
The most natural thing would be to put consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not the object of science.
It opens up the path to make it scientifically.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental laws so simple that we can support them in a remember.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can support them in a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called pandemics, "Institute for everyone, psychiatrist per mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the microbes of Rob Kiptain, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or think.
It's not that a photon can be filled with angulation when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the rodess."
No, so no.
But the thought is that perhaps the photons can have some element of raw feeling -- subjective, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This may sound a little crazy for you.
How do someone think something so crazy, right?
In part this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that even though the idea seems to us, it's much less for the people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with physical process, is to bond awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing -- there's consciousness.
complex information processing like a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information, simple consciousness.
Something very exciting is that in recent years a neuroscientist, Gulf Tony, took this kind of theory and developed it regularly with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called BP: that measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I guess I have to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration, a high degree of law, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is an average degree of information integration, as well as a fairly meaningful degree of consciousness, very important.
But when you get to the crazy, microbes, particles -- the degree of chicken declined.
The level of information integration is less, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will still be a different level of zero consciousness.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of philosopher, high grade.
In addition, another reason is that panick can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
Physics and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies below.
As Stephen Hawking, where comes the fire of equations?
From panic vision the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can use to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists basically do, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire.
In that vision, consciousness is not the physical world as a kind of adult.
It's right in the center.
This vision -- I think, the panic vision, has the potential to transform our relationship with nature, and it can have very serious social consequences.
Some can be a glamorization.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that I had consciousness, then I had to be a vegetable.
If you're a pandemic and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hungry.
I think that I think that this tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consequences, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Amazon artificial intelligence system in the House House?
Is it conscious?
According to the view of psychiatric information, she has a complicated information processing so that the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, they have very serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of smart computer systems and the ethics of stacking them.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collectively, the planet.
Does Canada have its own consciousness.
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED talk. At this point, we have a TED collective consciousness, an inner movie for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that has to take seriously.
So this panic vision, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's correct.
I'm actually safer to the first crazy idea, which consciousness is a fundamental thing, that the second one is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how do those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and love us.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going on the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we will finally find it to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the true key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low profile of education.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15 years old, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to join myself for a community prize.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She doesn't really have anything --  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After school, I had a low profile on my mother's film, and I spent a lot of time watching the Subject Spam and "Takes Camera Creator."
Yeah, I know. What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I didn't do anything that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we took the disability outside the equation.
Years later, I was at the second part of the teaching in a high school of Mellonica, so only after about 20 minutes in the 11 of legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your discussion?
And I said, "What discussion?
Well, I had been talking about the law of distribution for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspirational things in school?"
"From the general classroom."
And then when I realized, this kid had had experiences with disabled people as inspiration objects.
And we're not, and it's not a fault of the guy -- that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manifestors.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting for them to inspire them. Right?  Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to disappoint discussion.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, we have sold the lie that disability is something called Mall, Masa, Mayan Maya.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not a bad thing, and it doesn't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad attitude.
Or this one: "Your excuse is invited."
Or this one: "Before leaving the and intense intent."
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil sustained by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with corruption fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term delicious, because they match a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we cost the disability in benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, for a lot of bad that's my life, it could be worse.
I could be that people."
But what if you're that person?
I have lost the number of times that I've been approaching strangers wanting to express that I am brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my work had a public profile.
It was like I was happy to wake up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is consideration.
These images, those images are to match people with disability in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so that you can see them and think that things aren't so bad for you, or to put their concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We got some things.
But the things we overcome are not the things that you can think.
They're not relative things to our bodies.
I use the term disabled people: deliberately because I am used to the so-called social model of disability -- which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live to our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very excited about it.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of your capacity as well as you do, and that's what happens with the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside of the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to share them in the way we do it, when we share those pictures?
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration -- it says it as a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we have sold this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't do it.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by rotating inspiration and you think, "Oh, God, aren't you sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all time.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And I learned that this is a great idea to use a little bit of a barrel to collect the things that fall to me.  I learn the incredible trick of how to load the battery of the mobile phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that excepts and consists of us.
I really believe that that lie that have sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us the hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad attitude: the reason that it's lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in front of a scale of stairs has never made it a break.
Never.   smile.   smile.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and traveling a positive attitude to convert all those books into the bright.
It's simply not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15 year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "But "The Spider Speed is not considered by anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get away from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability and I want to live in a world where a 11-year-old boy in Melinden high school is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair users.
disability doesn't make us exceptional, but questioning what you think you know about what you do.
Thank you.
What do you have to look at the augmented reality and the professional football with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a grandmother without charge?
Unfortunately, today, I'm just responding to one of those questions, so please don't deliver.
When people really think about it, they think about "Tinyon Report, and in Tom Cruel by sending the hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
The augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and will happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because reality will increase our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how do we get to reality increased?
The first step is what I wear pushed: the Google Glass.
I'm sure many of you are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what's a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is run by the game camp to 160 miles -- the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a man of 110 pounds would get us, trying to shake us with all its being.
I've been there and I assure you it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the practices of NBC, because the idea of the Neggles of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kulin: Come on.
It's horrible to be taken.
A moment. Let's zoom out a little bit.
Are you ready?
Go!
Chris Kleirety," as you can see, is a speaker of what it is to be picked up in the football field, from the perspective of the table.
You'll have realized that lack people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, committee from the University of Washington.
Family Maria: mice mating: (Music 44."
Blue eight, Blue eight." Go!
Chris Kulin: This is a little bit more about feeling in the field, but it has nothing to do with being on the NED.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they've asked me on YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field marijuana.
It's a corruption?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get out of full, how do we take it to the next level.
We took it to that level using something called Oberia Rice, which probably many of you know.
The October Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality apparatus ever created, and it's not cheap words.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no. I don't want to keep playing player." No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a roller mountain taking for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adrian Peters crossing the line, getting rid of a tablet with the arm before we run and make an anatomy? What will be the experience of a fan.
When can I be Museum running down the bathroom, launching the balance at the bottom of the network? Or Peter doing a taste in William?
What will be your experience when you go down from a mountain to more than 100 miles as a small oly small?
Maybe they increase the palm sales for adults.
But this is not even augmented yet.
It's just virtual reality, R.R.
How do we achieve augmented reality, R.
We will reach the reality up when the coaches and the magnitudes and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win paradigms?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So, here is a brief story about the technology at NPR.
In 1965, Baltimore powers put a way to his field market to play faster.
They won Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the hull of the fields of fields and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see their next player showed you in front of you, in a plastic glass that you carry on, you won't have to worry about forgetting a player.
You can memorize the strategy.
They just go out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parts of you as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of better strategies.
The augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your game to play the game.
How would it do?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium, having a view from the people who are down.
You also get the sensors of the helmet sensors and the accelerators, something that's already working.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will know to send it.
The bad ones will have an information.
This will differentiate the good teams of bad guys.
So your computer team will be as important as your records, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field market.
You get the balance and back.
You look at an open receptor receptor -- suddenly a flower on the left part of your bombsight would warn you that a defense behind you is going to attack you. Normally, you wouldn't see it, but the D system was dressed up.
They go to the protection area.
Another flag gives you that there's an open receiver.
You launch the balloon, but you get down.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where to land -- however, the receptor sees in its view an area of grass that lights up and can modify the race.
It appears, it grabs the ball, running and ancestry.
The public put up and the fans have followed the player from each angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion on the party.
I'll make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality is going to be part of the sport because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you is, we want this to be the only use of reality increased?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus as our usual entertainment.
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to foster the empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports legacy.
It generates billions of income per year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show a absence how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victims?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how it looks like?
How much is it worth for a Community Hawking or a Neil Dream Texas trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science rather than trickles and Kardens?
Ladies and gentlemen, augmented reality is coming.
The questions that we make, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, depend on, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service at the High Park of California.
Most of those 23 years old, I spent the past south of the Marine County, including the Golden Gates.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Goldman Gates Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Stars, engineer chief engineering of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is pretty much to supply test.
The suicide from the bridge is not practical or probably."
But from his openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge.
Some people think that traveling between the two towers will lead you to another dimension -- this bridge has been identified as such as so -- so that the each of it frees you from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that pass under your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a four to five seconds, the body hit the water about 100 miles an hour.
The impact breaks up the bones, some of which would drill vital organs.
Most people die in impact.
Those of you don't usually stand in the helpless water, and then you get together.
I don't think that those of you who are contemplating this suicide method account to the death that you will face.
This is the cables.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel in the bridge.
This is where most people get before they take their lives.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and in their darker time, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man was talking to an official contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day to bring it back on the barrel.
When I started working on the bridge, we didn't have any formal training.
We struggled to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but the officials as well.
We've gone a long way since then.
Today, veteran and psychological officials train the new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met him on July 22 last year when he got a call from a possible suicide subject sitting on the heart near the center.
I answered, and when I got there, I looked at Jason talking to a bridge officer.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown up here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up here two times before New Jersey to try and dive from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- we were asked if we knew the story of the Pandora's box.
remembering Greek mythology. Ze created Panthen, and he sent it to Earth with a box, and he said, "Never open that box.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Panthen, and she opened the box.
He came out of plates, penis, and all kinds of bad against man.
The only thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What happens if you open the box and there's no hope?
And it stopped a few sentences, and it leaned up on the right, and it was.
This long-term and intelligent man in New Jersey just removed the life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason parents had asked it.
Supermarket damage damage affects many people.
I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or somebody loved them?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just have to talk, but you have to listen.
Listening to understanding.
Don't argue, guilt, or tell the person you know how they feel, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the tipping point they need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you don't have afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask you the question is, others in similar circumstances have thought about finishing your life -- you've had these thoughts?
Controlling the person in front of it can save life and be the tipping point for them.
Other signs to search, despair, believe that things are terrible, and they're never going to improve -- impossible, believe that there is nothing you can do about it, social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read you his letter.
She lost his son on January 19 of this year, and he wrote to me this email just a couple of days, and it is with his permission and beautiful that I read them.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite intensive, but I notice more moments of realizing that Mike will not come home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the party of the 49 with his father in January.
It never got there.
I called the Peter Police and reported it as a disappeared night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house, and they reported that Mike car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at 1850 in the evening of the day before.
Thank you very much for fighting for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before wrong with a real mental disease?
It shouldn't be so easy to end with it.
My prayers are with me for your struggle.
The GPS, the Golden Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a central.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and get the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, I responded to a radio call for a possible suicide subject in the bridge near the north tower.
I took my bike, and I looked at this man, Kevin Berkeley, standing in the sidewalk.
When I saw me, I crossed the barrel, and it stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the next hour, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair, as a result.
Kevin decided for his account that day will come back on that lane and give him another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I said, "What was what made you go back and give you hope and life another?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "You listened to me.
You let me talk and just listen.
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to read it.
"Dear Mr. Britains, nothing will erase the events of March 11, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin follows with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was cleaning by help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental disease for which it has been properly drugs.
I adopted Kevin when I only had six months, completely unconscious of all those heroin traits -- but thanks to God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We thank God for you.
Honestly, Narrator Berkeley."
And at the end, she wrote, "Pherhone. When I visited San Francisco General Hospital that night, you signed as the patient.
"You know I had to fix it."
Today, Kevin is an active father and the active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with hope that his story inspire others.
The suicide is not just something I've found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing its own pain, I stole the opportunity to know it.
This is what the suicide does.
For most suicide people, or those who consider suicide, wouldn't think about hurt another person.
They just want their own pain.
Typically, this is done only in three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and supply calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I was raised by hand in three times.
On the final appendage, he looked at me, and he said, "Beethoven, sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Absolutely, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge don't be supported.
In addition, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and lived and that can talk about it, that one one or two percent, most of those people have said that at the second one of them they leave the barrel they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Mars with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and each one of us should be striving for doing.
The suicide can be prevent.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you're not, but in your inner you know what you are, and a question marks you, how do you become that?
I should be something unique in that sense, but I'm not alone, in any way I'm alone.
When I became a model I felt that I finally had achieved the dream that I had had from a child.
My outside finally worked with my inner truth, with my inner self.
By complicated reasons, I'm going to be referring to the later when I look at this picture I think -- George did, you get it, you get it.
But the last October, I discovered that, barely I'm beginning.
We all shut up our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some people have the value of releasing, to get rid of the limitations imposed by the color of the skin or by the beliefs of those around us.
They're people who always defy the status quo -- which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years -- many of my neighbors -- many of my neighbors -- my friends, my agent even ignored my story.
I think this enzyme is called reversal.
This is mine.
I was registered as a kid at birth because of my genital appearance.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this shirt in my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why do you always take that shirt in your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew what to be automatically.
The gender has always considered an immunity fact, but we now know that, really, it's more complex and mysterious now.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I would think it will be what I'm wrong, but how the world deals with those of us who want to liberate them.
Every day I appreciate to be woman.
I have mom, dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There is a Hindu goddess of the kids.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines that celebrated these mysteries here.
I was in front of the stage, and I remember that this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something beat me, this is the kind of woman I would like to be.
And when I was 15, when I was 15 years old, I met this woman called T.
It's the director of a competitive beauty competition.
That night she asked me, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty of beauty?
He told me that if he participated she would fall out of the description and the reserve, and that night, he won a bathroom suit, he won a dance suit, and she got third end between more than 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first work was of beauty of the transitional women, but I can.
I also met the goddess of the department, especially when we traveled to the remote provinces of the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001 my mom, who had moved to San Francisco, called me and told me that they passed my grandmaster of the green card that I could go to live to the United States.
I was resistant.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm diving to you.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "You know that if you moved to the United States, you can change the name and the identity of gender?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two and my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at age 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious surgery, sophisticated and safe.
At that time in the United States, it was needed to make surgery before changing the name and gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name George and the Female General Fail."
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me it was the license to live to sit down.
Suddenly, my fears looked minimuming.
I felt I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and I'll be model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman by Lou Netcorists.
A young woman in New York who had kindly lived his truth, but he spread, he ended his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November we do a global surveillance by the Communist Day.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood in front of injustice.
These are Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the arm.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing me, so that someday there is no more 2006 display anymore.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Are you?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you.  KT: General, a quick question.
General Rock: Sure. You see, I first thank all my benefits.
To my network of support, my parents especially to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all of the times I have been attending young women transported, who I've early on, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I took my phone, I called my mom and said, "Mommy, can you call this woman?
Sometimes it worked, others. It's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a birth, and what I try to do is put on the table the subject that sometimes the topic of that and a few times a space that lets people allow people to address, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transition movement is starting compared to the gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
It should have understanding.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you all are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very nice. GG: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents generally know about their children, but I'm one of the few parents who is known by their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malaria started his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were bombed in 2011, he was able to conceive the National Prize National Prize of peace, became very famous -- a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if you take a look at the history of mankind, the history of women is the history of injustice.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when a child, his birth doesn't celebrate it.
It's not well-being, not for his father, not for his mother.
The neighborhood comes from, gives her condoms to mother and no happiness to the father.
And a mother would be overwhelmed by having a girl.
When he gives birth to the first child, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he comes down, and with the hope of a son, when he was fighting his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not only is the mother suffering, but the daughter. The daughter was born when he grows up, he suffers too.
At the age of five years, when I should go to school, he stays home and school admit to his sisters.
Up to 12 years, somehow, it has a good life.
You can fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and it can move through the streets as a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when it comes to 13 years old, he gets thrown out of his house without a male angry.
He's confined to four walls in his house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the honor call of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he transfers the code of that honest honest, he could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this assumption of honor code, not only affects the life of a man, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrifice the joy of his life and the happiness of his sisters in the name of the honor.
And there's a number more of the patriarchal societies that are called obesity.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet and very humble and very supersone.
It's the cricket.
The model of a good girl must be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and it accepts the decisions of his father and his mother and the decisions of the elderly -- even if it doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like it, or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be helpful of destruction.
If you take it very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it desperation.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a political," "The Catholice, the task, and then gives birth to more kids and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, includes the same lesson for his daughter and the same honor lesson to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
We loved brothers and sisters, when Mall was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there and looked at his eyes, trust me, I felt extremely honored.
And much before I was born, I thought about his name, and I was fascinated with a legendary struggle of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaria from Madaganda, and I called my daughter like that.
But when I went down, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line of my name, and I wrote, "Wall it."
And when she grew up, when she was four and a half years old, I added her in my school.
So you might ask, why should I mention the administration of a girl in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developing countries, but in poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for the girl life.
It's going to be insisted in a school means recognition of your identity and your name.
An admiration to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters. And none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks earlier, when I was a community of the Canadian look, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the piles of some of my sisters.
And the reason I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give me to my daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate intelligence and joy of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Mala.
I've made all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for extraction.
I taught my daughters, taught students, to forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called defense.
We loved brothers and sisters, fighting for more rights for women, and fighting to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called the tongue.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
The girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to the markets.
The musicians were silently, the giants and the based singers.
They suffered millions, but few talked about, and it was terrifying to have all those people who kill and chase when you talk about your rights.
It's really frightening.
By the age of 10, Malawi got lifted and lifted on the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, he offered himself for the New York Times documentary and spoke in every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It was spread as a weather around the world.
And that was the reason that the Taliban could not tolerate their campaign and nine in October 2012, they shot it into the head.
It was a family day for my family and me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, I whispered to my wife to my wife, "I've got to blame for what happened to my daughter, your daughter.
And he immediately said, "Please don't blame me.
They defined the right cause.
You put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter inspired you and joined you.
They were both on the right path and God protected it.
These few words meant a lot for me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malti was in the hospital and had severe pain and strong head pains because his facial nerve was cut up, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained himself.
I used to say, "I'm well with my sharp smile and the excitement in my face.
I'll get right. Please don't worry.
It was a conflict for us, and it would be constantly.
The brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for the rights of children and women, it's like any 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't finish his task.
You fight with your siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What about special in my tutor that has made so bold to Malaria so brave and expressive and entertainment?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and from that day, the science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Moon group of Google, where I've had a divide to my office, the God Visban visualization goddess -- but all the work I talk about today here about brain science, I made it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there is a stigma when you attach to a brain operation.
Are you still as smart or not?
If you won't be like that, you could be smart?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't the gray matter, but it was the dead part of the center that creates important hormones and neuroscientists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what a lot to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, over the last 18 years, I've had to decide about combinations and memories of chemicals, and trying to get them, to keep living with life.
More than once I've saved myself by little.
But luckily, I have a soul of experiment, so I decided I would experience to try to get the optimal dose because there really doesn't exist a clear map that I say in destruction.
I started testing with different mixes, and I was surprised by seeing how little changes in the doses changed dramatically my automatic, my sense of who I was, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case -- for a few months, I tried to test tables and chemical chemicals for a man of the talk, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always fascinating, I thought all the time in the sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, many times in the past I've met several types of things, or maybe some attached versions of it.
It turned out as a extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be a protester.
In fact, I was trying to be trying to get a problem to fix a problem that had the front, and it simply doesn't happen like that.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose of doses.
But I think that that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and about what they have to go through. Since then I get better with men.
What I tried to do, when we adjust those hormones and neuroscientists and so on, was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation -- my creative thinking, my ideas.
I used to think about almost always in pictures, and that became my key reference: how do I get those mental images that I use to create protons, my ideas, if you want to do it?
These kinds of thoughts are not new.
Philosophers like Hummer, Descartes and Hobbles see things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today there are those who question this idea, and there are a lot of discussions about how the mind works, for me it's simple: for most of us, mental imagery is fundamental for creative and inventive thinking.
So after several years, I managed to find the point right and I have already lots of great mental men, really vivid men, well sophisticated and well structure.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use your imagination only to steer the world that has the front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of his head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, like the way that creative people can be shared at the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to make this is simply increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to this with two recent experiments done by two groups stuck in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by Girlow Gands and his colleagues of Harvard.
The column on the left shows the scan of the brain from a person who looks at an image.
The middle column shows the scan of the brain of that same individual as I imagine, seeing that same image.
The column on the right is created by respecting the contents of the central column of the left -- you see that the difference is almost nine.
This is repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar outcome.
The difference between seeing an image and imagining that same image is almost nine.
Now, let me share with you another experiment. This is from Jack Galapago in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves into recent visual fields.
Let's put it in this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were digging their brains to create a huge range of brain reactions to video sequence.
Then, they were showing a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan to show what seemed that the person was watching.
On the right you can see the computer devices, and on the left, the video I showed you.
This left us boring.
We're well close to it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same picture, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the largest brain scanning systems available today, and its resolution was increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase the resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are many techniques to do it.
One is opening the skull and introducing electrodes in.
I don't offer myself for that.
Many of you are providing new project techniques for images, even me, counting with the recent result of MRI first of all, should we be asking this technology to be the end of the way?
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets, but to this point, larger magnets only offer small improvements in resolution -- don't increase by thousands as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets, let's make better immune.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different arrangements.
And why does this matter?
In the last few years, a lot of effort in MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most of the recent advances in research of ingenious and brilliant solutions in code and decoration, in the transportations and receptors of the FM radio in the MRI systems.
Instead, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we used magnetic patterns structured to the frequencies of the FM radio fraction.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the Farman radio processing processing patterns, we can actually increase the information that can be extracted in a single scale.
In addition, we can then divide our growing knowledge about the structure of the brain and the memory to create increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI we should be able to measure not only the flu of blood blood, but the of the hormones and neuroscientists I've mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity. This is the dream.
We will be able to visualize our ideas in direct ways to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go above language and communicate directly by thinking about it?
What would we be able to do?
And how do we learn how to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be inerusible to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to the Alzheimer's cure and the similar disease.
We have few choices more than opening this door.
Anyway, do you choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take a lot more.
We have to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I will talk to you this night about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not only gay arms.
I think we all have arms.
Your arms may be telling some person for the first time that you love it or tell someone who is pregnant, or tell someone that has cancer, or any other hard conversation that you have gone through in life.
All arms is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously the experience of having lived it, and having come out of that gun is a universal thing.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
A lot of years ago, I was working on the South Side Walley Card, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the international military intensity -- I would not raise my armpits, to quote the letters of Ann D Francisco as a legacy.
And I'm going to be aware of the lunch of my short screen and because I had hit my head recently, I would ask a little child, "Hey, are you a kid or a girl?
And it would appear an awkward silence on the table.
I would open my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a random leave.
The father would inconvenient the newspaper, and the mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and it would be served.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised myself that the next time I would say something.
I would have that hard conversation.
So after a few weeks, again.
"Are you a girl or a girl?
A family silence, but this time I was prepared and I was about to come into the female issues on the table.  I had Betty Freeden quote.
The Gloria Steven quote.
Even a clip of the "Vagina Monel Vagina I would see.
And so I breathe hold and I went down, and I looked at my backs a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist fun, just a girl with a question, "Are you a boy or a girl?
So I would breathe up again, I got out of clubs near her, and I said, "Hey, I know this is a conflict thing.
I have the hair short like a boy, and I saw a kid clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress sheet, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl in a comfortable look."
And that girl looked at me as a little bit, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite pajamas.
Can you give me a pander, please?
And that was it. Just "Oh, OK. You're a girl.
What about the prince that I asked the page?
It was the easiest conversation of all that I ever had.
And why? Because the girl in the gang and I, both of us were honest with one another.
So as many of us, I've lived in some guns in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be a rainbow.
But in the dark, you can't know what color is the walls.
You just know how you feel living in a strip.
That's how my weapon is not unlike your or your own or your yours.
Sure, I'll give you 100 reasons why coming out of my gun was harder than coming out of it, but this is the thing: The hard thing is not relative to it.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain somebody who has been declared in broken bank is more difficult than saying it's been passion?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell you is more difficult than telling your five year-old son that you will diverge?
There's no more difficult thing, there is only the tough thing.
We need to stop collecting what is hard about what it is difficult to make us feel better or worse relative to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live something hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and they can make it feel safety, or at least security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are made of, a weapon is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, that I had a horse tail, a dress and sheet of heel stream.
It was not the military length prepared to fight any four years that would go into coffee.
I was frozen by fear, angry in a corner of my dark gun by putting my gay grave, and moving only a muscle is the most terrifying thing I've ever done.
My family, my friends, complete complete ones that I've spent my entire life trying not to decide about, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we all have followed for so long, but if you don't toss that big, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable grains was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that a lot of them have known that I was gay, and when I did my honor ladies, in my black dress and school driver, I walked around the tables, and I finally got to one where my parents' friends were, people I met years ago.
And after talking a moment, one of the women I said, "I love Nathan Lange."
And the battle of the gay satellite had begun.
"Hey, once you were in the Catas?
"Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco ..."
"Well, we've never been there, but we've heard that it's fantastic."
"Hey, you know my statistics Antarctic?
It's very good and never talked about having a count."
"Hey, what's your favorite TV show.
Is our favorite program -- Will and Grace ...
And you know who love us? Jack who?
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, discovered, but in hopes to show desperately his support, to make me know that I was on my side, finally said that I was like, "Well, sometimes my husband uses pink camps."
And I had an opportunity at that moment, as you have all of the grains of gravity.
Sure, it could have been easy to indicate where they felt like.
It's not very difficult to find them and realize the fact that they were forced.
And what else can you ask someone, but to force?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
That's like hard conversations continue without being my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I know what I like to call the three principles of the Pantasual girl.
Now, please look at this through gay perspective, but they understand that what it involves coming out of any weapon is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
You get the armed. Be yourself.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be great, others should know that we also suffer too.
Number two: Be direct. Just give it. They just give it.
If you know they're gay, you get it.
If you say to your parents that maybe you could be gay, they'll keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more importantly,   leave the complex.
You communicate your truth.
You never apologize for that.
And some of you may be able to get safe wounds for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of you will feel disappointed, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is the one that you want to write.
So next time you find in a dark dark pushing a grain, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Blue. Enjoy the salary.
Interestingly, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote by Edison Chess that "The question of whether a machine can think of it's as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim.
When Edgar Chicago wrote this as a critic to computer pioneers like Alan Turkey.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that they're from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or the neuron of the Earth or the intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes and you can look at the Earth, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can look at Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a terrorist, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that doesn't have any concept about the intelligence of the Earth, you would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain time in time, the asteroids that will trigger the surface of a planet mysterious stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question that you can understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I took over several years ago, I looked at a variety of themes through science, through various disciplines, that I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology for example, there has been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally equipped for the development of intelligence, and, in particular, for development of universal states that maximize diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic movement, there has been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness the skills of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to make complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and asking them together, asked for a number of years now, is there a underlying mechanism for the intelligence that we can extract from all these different themes?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the closest equivalent to one and a year for the intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force, FBI, that acts in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future freedom of action, or maintain open choices, with a Tuna force, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes, to an impending future time, tattoo.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stand up.
intelligence tries to maximize the future freedom of action and keep the options open.
And so, having in account this equation, is natural to ask, "What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
Do you predict the level of human intelligence.
predicts artificial intelligence.
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, showing some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more destruction, or entropy," during their life should have trend more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that contemporary cosmological connection between entropy.
What if the intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the long-term entropy production, but actually emerges directly from it?
In order to figure out, we've developed a software engine called Entrolist, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system that is in the inside.
Amazing, Entrolist could pass multiple animal intelligence testing, play human games, and even make money by trading actions, all of it without being able to do that.
Here's some examples of entropy in action.
So just like a feet of foot without falling here, here we see Entrolist balancing automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave it to entropy a goal.
He simply decided to balance the position.
This ability of balance will have applications for human robotics and human assistance technologies.
This ability to use tools to have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate from extreme opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can make a version of the model of that task.
This cooperation capacity has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entropy is widely applicable to a variety of dominants.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a play game against itself, illuminating its potential for play.
Here we see Entrolist organized new connections in a social network where the friends are constantly disconnected and keeps the net well connected.
This same capacity of network orchestra also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
Here we see Entrolist organizing the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand global level of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Entrolist spontaneously discovering and running a business strategy, savings in a similar series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under its exponentially gesture.
This ability of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Witom: What you have seen is that a variety of brands of the behaviors of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as tools use and walking upright and social cooperation -- all derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize its future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
We go back at the beginning of the term of the robot, the "Rother Boston, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion revolution.
The machines will get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had all the concept of the cyber rebellion to the invention.
It's not that machines first become smart and then metaphorical and they try to get out of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of every possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence of intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise directly to take control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
I often ask myself, "How do you look for objective goes out of this kind of brand?
My equivalent to that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is this: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the future freedom of action and avoid the constraints in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're in a tipping point in human history, something between the constant of the stars and losing the planet we call home."
But in the last few years, we've expanded our knowledge of how the Earth fit in the context of the universe.
The Kepler Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets orbiting other stars, which points to Earth is only one between the billions of planets of our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the full intensity of the stars when the planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes in.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of planets in addition to the distance between them and their stem star.
In together, this helps us to understand whether these planets are small and rockets like the Earth planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
Instead, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this potentially livable world, our own planet is growing under the weight of humanity.
2014 was the most calebunding record.
Global ice and marine ice that have been with us from the millennia, now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on a global scale have really overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a weather scientist, no astronomer science.
I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as someone very interested in the search for life in the universe I can tell you that the more planets look for Earth-like planets to the Earth, more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the whole planet discovered and the planets that we know best about our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world demonstrated by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our Rovers like "The Cura tracked their surface for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit the manager, like the Massachusetts mission, take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has lost their ability.
private companies now offer not only short space flights but also the possibility of living on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us to the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and principles, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the extension of the desert areas of our planet that still remain to colonize -- really unusual places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated places on the Earth the air is fresh and replaced from oxygen from our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement for the colonization of Mars and other planets I have to have a big and sad planet, the implications and the belief of some that Mars would expect to save us from this inflational influence of the only planet that we know is truly habitable the Earth.
And so I like international exploration, I'm profoundly disagreement with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagine that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the face of truth will have place in the wild.   Thank you.
But the goals for international exploration and land preservation are not contradictoried.
No, they're actually faces of the same mountain: the goal of understanding and preserving and improving life in the future.
The extreme environments in our world lights as extraterrestrial pandemics.
They are just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain livable spaces, in hostile areas and hospital areas, we may be able to satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
Let me leave you with a mental experiment, the Fermill paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist Earth Fermistres said, considering that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope there were many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence from the existence of alien life so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to the paradox of Fermi is that when civilizations become advanced enough technological enough to keep living between the stars, they lose the notion of the important thing that is protecting the origin of the planets that made this development.
It's arrogant to think that only international colonization will save us from ourselves, but planetary preservation and international exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to engage the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the ability even easier to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I looked at my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So I quickly tried to open all the other doors and windows and all of them were fine closed.
I thought about calling a crazy, at least I had my cell phone, but at midnight, a book could take a long time to come in, and I was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight to Europe to the next morning, and I was about my passport.
It would be expensive, but I sure it wasn't more expensive than a half a night, so I thought, that despite the circumstances, it was doing well stop.
I'm a professional neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Corridor releases that increase heart rhythm, model levels of adrenaline and navigation levels.
And when I got to the face counter in the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a long time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to wonder, if there was something that I could do, systems that could put in their place, that prevent bad things.
Or at least, if you have bad things, which minimize the probability of being a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't create.
I was looking at my colleague Danny Kang, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed told him that I broke the window, and that I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called a prospective restaurant.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written this a few years before, known as the promise.
You all know what the promise is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and trying to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the printer, like Danny explains Daniel, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about is some things that we can do in the form of a promise.
Some of them are evident, others are not so obvious.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, to make a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothesis, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, where the fruit trees are, where the friends of friends are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is embedded in London taxis.
It's the part of the brain that allows guns to find their nuts.
And if you ask if somebody really did the experiment, they cut the Olympic sense of the squirrel and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move very much.
This is the reason to lose keys from the car, reading and password glasses.
So at home, they get a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular box.
For your reading glasses.
If you take a place and you're sculpture with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about trips?
Take with the cell phone, a picture of your credit cards, leadership license, send it by email to yourself so you're in the cloud.
If these things are lost or stealing them, this can facilitate substitution.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortical.
Corridory is toxic and interface the thought.
So part of the practical practice is to recognize that under stress we're not going to be at the best time, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we will all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved being, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is raised as a proposal for all of the medical decisions, and in fact for the making of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you need to take from which you would benefit a rational assessment of the facts.
So suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab, and the cholesterol is a little high."
Everybody knows that the high cholesterol is associated with a greater risk of cardiovascular disease, attacks the heart, brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best thing, then the doctor says, "I'd like to remind you a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol collapse, a statistic."
And maybe you've heard about the statistics, and you know that it's one of the most recipe drugs in the world today is probably likely to know people who take them.
That's how you think, "Yes, it records the state."
But there's a question that has to be done then, a statistics that you should ask from which most doctors don't want to speak and the pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NASA, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NASA?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or to attach a surgery in any medical processing before it is helping a person.
And you should think what kind of destroyed statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not be required if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not a blame of the doctor, and if it's a fault of somebody, it's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood very well the underlying mechanisms.
But the estimates of Gillin that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number need to treat the most widely recipe station, what do you think it is?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This is the research of the Chinese Reeval Researcher Grovery and Palmas Gardenic, confirmed independently by Guater.
I just explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before avoiding a single heart attack, brain spill or another adverse event.
Now you may think, "Well, one probability in 300 of my colleague.
Why not? Doctor? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it is, "Get me out of side effects. Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things: delivered muscle pain and article, passive pain, but now you think, "The five percent is not very likely to go to me, still to take medicine.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress don't think clearly.
So you think about how you look at this over time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped him, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out by the drug that you help your medicine.
I don't say they should or not take the statistics.
I just say you should have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the informed consent principle.
We have right to have access to this kind of information to initiate the conversation of whether you want to take the risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the value of the crash, but actually this number need to treat it's quite typical.
For the surgery that else is done in the older men in the age of 50, extinction of cancer prostate -- the number need to treat is 49.
That is, 49 surgeries for a person who has helped it.
And the side effects in that case, they produce in 50 percent of patients.
Those include the impact or the wrong definition, universal engineering, straight program, fecal incentives.
And if you get lucky, and it's one of that 50 percent of the effects just a year or two.
So the idea of the promise is to think about time before the questions you can plant the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all of this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, you want a more short life free of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things that they talk about and think of now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change your opinion in the heat of the moment, but unless you're trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases corruption under stress, and one of the things that happens at that moment is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face in face with a predator. It doesn't need the digestive system, or the liberation or the immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast. They could be the lunch of lions so that none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that is going on the window during those moments of stress is rational logical thinking, like Danny Kangandian and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think what's important here is to recognize that we're all defense.
We're all going to fail at the time.
The idea is to think about the future how they could be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage, or to prevent the bad things happening in the first place.
Rebuilding the night of snow in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor installed me a combination of combination alongside the door, with a key to the entry door in the same way, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered and lots of email messages I haven't read about.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Piano, "B: It's my favorite musical symbol for me.
It means playing some self-assembly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a "Bay in the party, you need to play more self-assembled.
Two background, even more solid.
Four battery, extremely soft ball.
This is my drawing of a battery tree, there you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of birds can have, you'll never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system, the ALS, in addition to a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came in during the 1800s and over the time of time, it mixed with local signs, and it developed the language that we know today as AALS.
So it has a story of about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and they taught me to believe that sound wasn't a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, costs, behaviors and standards without making them.
So how do I understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my adoptions and amplify sound.
I learn and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned, for example.
"Don't bear the door."
"Don't do a lot of noise when you eat the fragment of the friendship."
"Don't far, and when you're eating yourself, I want not to bring the wires on the plate."
All of this is called sound "space."
Maybe I think about the sound label more than the average person does.
I'm super survey of sound.
And I'm always waiting with nervous neighbors, which is about coming next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, for deciding that.
TBC -- for continuing on.
TBR.
You can see that the painting doesn't have notes in the lines.
That's because lines already contain sounds through subtle and many sands.
In the deaf culture, the movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for "Party in the ATLA.
A typical picture has five lines.
However, for me, to do my thumb that doesn't feel natural.
That's why I just have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic review there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries -- and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that point, sound was the trend and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now the sound has entered my art land.
Is it going to distance me more than art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like that.
In fact, I know sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through the ears.
I can feel it tactile or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the ownership of sound and integrate it in my artistic practice.
And everything that had taught me in sound, I decided to leave it and understand it.
I started to create a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention that I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that the sound was oblivious -- it was a little bit of a heart person.
And the sound is so powerful that well it could be given to me and my artistic work, or it could be empowered.
I chose that I would be proposing.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And only because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal to the same and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with a lot of different performers of AALS.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me to be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, when you borrow your voices, I'm able to keep a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I didn't keep this practice, I feel that I could get into the forgotten and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ATLA.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and expressed in the paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in AALS.
The two are very space and highly modules that means subtle changes can affect all the meaning of the signals as the sound of sound.
I would like to share a metaphor of the piano, so that they understand better how Athler works.
So, imagine a piano.
Athlid is divided in many different gravitational parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for every finger, as you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand, and so while you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you put it just a keyboard at once.
However, the AAL is more like a comet, you need the 10 fingers in a simulated way to express a clear concept or an idea in AALS.
If only a keyboard would change the chord -- it would create completely different meaning.
Same thing happens with music in terms of tone and family and volume.
In ASLA, by using these different gravitational parameters -- you can express different ideas.
For example, the story is at that."
This is the stranger signal in that."
I'm looking at you.
Looking at it.
Oh, I was hooked.
Oh, Oh.
What are you looking for?
Ah, basically."
So I got to think, and if I look at AIDS through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeat it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the single day of day," the sun comes out and gets up.
This is all day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you visually look like a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can tell you about all night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights, "No "The Night," during the night -- "The night."
I feel like the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in AAL and how the distance to the body can express changes over time.
For example, a hunter. Two houses, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is on the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, past: "The "age" and the last, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "Once once.
"Terminal time." It's a musical term with a specific rate of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word "money "I think automatically in the same time."
See MD: right hand. MK: left hand.
We have the painting through the head and the chest.
(Click," MIT, flu grade -- "Common (Music -- "Christ: MIT, graduated garden" I'm going to show you a shape of the hand called "Flavor Garden."
Can you do it with me?
Everyone with the hands.
Now we're going to do it as much in your head as your chest, something like "money "money or "The same time."
Yeah, very good.
That means "make a love in the international system.
The international system, as you notice, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and signs around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one. Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means "colorful in the ATLA.
Now, the third one. Please give me again.
And again.
It's "blood in the ATLA.
We're going to do the three together.
"I will look at "interesting: "Colony: "Colony: "Colony."
Good job.
Look at how three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how ATLA is alive and proposing, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very open world.
And only because ATH doesn't have sound, automatically it doesn't have social value.
We have to start questioning what defines social value and allowing the ATLA to develop its own value, without sound.
And this could be a step to make an inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn AAARS. You don't have to hear music to learn music.
ALS is a rich treasure. I would like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, you can even fall away from us.
Thank you.
Dental Kahritan: Hey, that's me.
As a child, my parents would say, "You can test everything, but then you have to wipe it.
freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence, or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the horrible truth.
When I get older, I understand that adults are also engaging and that they're not really good for cleaning each other.
Time country, I'm now an adult, and I teach citizens and invention in Hong Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach transportation with lots of garbage.
So as good citizens, we cleaned up the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's kind of stupid.
And in the last decades, we've been coming out with these big bars and networks, and collecting those plastic pieces to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive and it's also very risky to use those huge boat.
So along with my students, with age six to 15 years, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this work of work with advertised address so that the very complex kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, kids who manipulate electrical tools are cool and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastic.
We collect plastic and reduce it to the size we find in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
We do that.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas in every child and try to combine them in something that we expect it to work.
We decided instead of collecting plastic bits, we're just collecting information.
And by using a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- kids are very excited about robots.
Then we create quickly what we call a prototype."
We're so fast in creating prototypes that we ended before shaking.
And we transform the light cameras and cameras in accessories. We assemble it in a floating robot that will move slowly through the water, and by the plastic we have there, and this is the image captured by the robot.
We see plastic pieces floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of each particle to get an accurate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step step on a website for inventors called "The "Turned Behaver: the hope that someone gets better even more.
The great thing about this project is that the students saw a local problem, and pump, they're trying to solve it immediately.
I can investigate my local problem: But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, they make the Internet, and they set up with this picture.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning up a oil spill, just using hands, in Sundays, the largest mangrove forest in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink -- it's the water where you bathe it, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can see that the water is brown -- the mud and oil is also the brown color, and when everything gets mixed up, it's very difficult to see what is in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectrum, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a first prototype of a symmetry that can fight through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what's in the water.
We started this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or analyzing a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children.
I can investigate a distance problem: I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little bit further, maybe addressing a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm a half Japanese and a half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they spend several giant waves, called the tsunami, and those tsunami, they destroyed several cities on the coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear energy plant from Fukushima, a nuclear central to the water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has the painting grounds for 1313.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Futurear radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, in the moment, is safe as safe as it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fubric every year from the accident and researching independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to bring children.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow them.
But every night we report the control center, here you see the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did it because they are going to have to live with radiation all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day and we talked about what we were going to do next, the strategies and the idiot, etc.
And to do this, we created a replacement map of the region around the nuclear energy plant.
We created the evidence map, we introduced pictures to represent data in real time of relativity, and we rotate water to simulate rain.
So with this we could notice that the radioactive powder was filtering from the top of the mountain to the pink system and it took it into the ocean.
It was an appropriate estimate estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to the nuclear central to date.
We came up to a mile from the nuclear Central Center, and with the help of fish we were collecting season sediments with a season tracking as we invented and we built.
Here we see a progress: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple technologies.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even begun to try to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all these things.
So the classroom became a very small one, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the Hong Kong Center, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optic -- basically, you can build almost all of it.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children of children can become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be kids again.
Students: Acceleration." </s> acceleration."
Canning Harvard," we asked things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced age populations transforming their standard wheelchair chairs in new electric vehicles in new electric vehicles.
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect the kids in the awful truth, because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, superstars, we need to prepare the next generation to be concerned about environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin classrooms, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel -- the other one of a single silk silk.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is important about environment, the other thing you create.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the multiple miracle, he saw a figure fighting to be free.
The skin was only a single tool.
But living beings are not singled.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we took all the information that was required by each cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least from the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by disorders of manufacturing and production.
The mountain lines have documented a world made of parts by increasing the imagination of trained designers and architects trained to think of their objects as a participant of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find an amount of household material in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin is thin with diagnosed pornographs.
The skin skins are more thick with little bodies.
You act mainly as a filter, the other main as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there's no parts, no analogy.
It's a system that vary gradually its functionality through variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architecture when we work right now between the cinema and the gene, between machine and organism, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left and right, analysis and synthesis, is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, at its simplest level, tries to bring these two visions of the world, away from assembly and access to growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't this 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they control four disciplines that offers access to the tools that we had never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created it.
Please know the minds and the hands of my students.
We design objects, products and structures and tools through scales -- large-scale tools, like this robotic arm with a vegetable foundation that some day not very far away with previous buildings -- and graphics to nanoscale machines made from genetically engineered microbes that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the heat, an archetype of ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each openness is unique size to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a failure. This was for a fashion deployment from Paris van Harvard. It's like a second skin made from one piece, ridiculed in the contracts, flexible around the pile.
Together with 3D 3D printing collaborator -- we printed this layer and missing 3D without the costs between the cells. I'll show you more objects like that.
This hull combine rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 million.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a C scanner.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allows products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the same time, comfortable.
Professor Carter Carlottin, my collaborator came back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this protection pattern, it becomes sophisticated.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in right and opposition and color, correspond to pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, as in nature, varies its functionality not by adding another material or other analogy, but moving continuously and dramatically being adding material property.
But is it the ideal nature?
No parts in nature?
I didn't raised myself in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible stories, and one of them was left to me, and I came to define a lot of what I care about.
As she said, "In the third day of creation, God sent to Earth to grow a fresh fruit tree.
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between train, branches and leaves and fruit.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees grow trees with branches and cortex, sleeps and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often ask myself, "What would design would be if the objects were made of one piece of piece?
Will we go back to a better state of creation.
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant biologist on the planet is called national, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, crabs, schools and marine.
We think that if we could synthesize their properties, we could generate multi-touch structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal market.  We asked a bunch of cameras of shrimp, we put them out and we produced staircase passwords.
Variable consumers have been able to make a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opposite, to light, soft and transparent.
In order to print the large-scale structures that were built in a large scale, a system is built with multiple nonprofits of robotic control.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these kinds of structures made of a single material 3,000 feet long, 100 percent.
When pieces are ready, they get it dry to find a natural form to contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic.
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microbes that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we embedded the bacteria designed genetically to capture carbon carbon and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that do their transition without a breast life problem, and if you zoom up even more, windows.
A fresh tree tree tree.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water, and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here is the best part: for objects designed to become biomass, put in the sea, feed the marine life, and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same design principles was the solar system.
We are looking for the possibility of creating clothes to maintain the life for international travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
So as the periodic table, we made our own temperature table, new forms of life created computer and addicted in a biological way.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid algorithm, only instead of transforming precious metals -- they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microphone.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, we combine two microbes.
The first is civilization.
It lives in our oceans, and in the freshwater stores.
And the second, E. collected, the bacteria that ran in the human intestine.
You convert the light in sugar, the other sugar consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microbes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think about it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution evolution.
To contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help they flow these bacteria and to add their way to the way.
So we started growing those channels in the human body, looking at the properties of material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This post-off digestive system, when it would stretch from one end to another, it would cost 60 feet.
This is half of the length of a soccer field, and 10 times more than our thin intensity.
And here it is, as a primary at TED, our first portable physical, brilliant liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shell said, "We are creative creatures, only half the material."
What happens if design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, repair the damaged tissue and keep our bodies up?
Think about this as a way of editing biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
For now, you know that a 3D printer print material in layers.
You also know that nature does not do that.
It grows. It adds up with software.
This wild capture, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it gets metaphorically.
No additive manufacturing is about this level of sophistication, right?
It does it by combining not two materials, but of two proteins in different concentrations in it.
An act as a structure, the other one is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first comes up in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to film a computer copy.
tension and engagement, the two forces of life, are manifestrated in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we glue a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the high.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk work.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat wall, not within a box, we realized that it hiunered a flat capture and still metabolic metabolic.
So we started designing different environments, different analysis, and we've discovered that the form, the composition -- the structure of the capital, are transmitted directly by the environment.
They often get the silk worms up to death within their called captures, their silk goes down and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these plants we could shape the raw raw without a single capture.
They are meshicaping sanitation, and we could create these things.
So we climb this process up to architectural scale.
We had a hydrogen robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves on our site.
We knew that silk worms made into more dark and cold areas, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or openness, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get the creatures.
We asked 65,000 worms of silk to a line of silk online.
And after feeding them four weeks, they were prepared to film with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding and as they hid, they were creating, they were starting to take eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the big integrity and he was right.
The biological silk biologist on the silent silk silly, they give all this pavilion his integrity of it.
And in a little more than two or three weeks, 5,000 silk worms drop 6,000 miles.
In a curious symmetry -- this is also the length of the silk route.
Poles, after the electron, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional panels in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other full empty.
If the last frontier of design is to give products and buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers should bring these two visions of the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, which leads us from a design inspired in nature to a nature inspired in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we are taking care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be about most?
If you had to remember what age they had when they asked them for the first time?
They can show it with fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if you say, "What do you want to be about most?
It has caused you some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be about?
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too much.
I was in school like English, the killing and the art and developed websites, and besides, I played the guitar.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And I generally like to test and persist anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes in this field.
But over time, this feeling of opening, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it comes to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I get interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive on it, and I feel absolutely absolutely an awareness, and then again this point where I start to beat up.
And finally, I want to leave you.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I would like to go into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how I was going to convert all of this in a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denied all of my other passions, and I would be able to get back to it.
Another reason why I got so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong on this, and something bad about me by not being defined by anything.
I worried about having fear of engagement, or being dispersed, or adoption or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I would like to ask you something that I'd like to have planted then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where you learned it, you learned it from culture.
We are asked first, "What do you want to be about?
When we're about five years old.
And the truth is, nobody cares about what you answer to that age.
It's considered a naive question to cause nice answers in children like, "To be anticipation or "Index or "I want to be percent."
So they insert Hawking here.
So this question is done over and over again as we grow out of various forms of different forms of different forms of high school students are asked to choose in college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be about most?
It happens to be the cute exercise of before we have the dream.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream of what they might be, no inspired to dream with everything they could be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you get well-intentioned adults maybe go back and say, "Oh, what's cute, but you can't be a visionary and a psychologist.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles -- and he's a pressure of rape and prostate.
And this Amy N. magazine editor made in illustrator, entrepreneurs and teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose it.
But it's more than that.
The notion of life centers is very idealized in our culture.
It's this idea of fate, or the real vocation, the idea that each one of us has something to do during your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different issues that wake up their curiosity and many different things that you want to do?
There is no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You may feel that it doesn't have a goal.
And feel that there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multicultural.
A furniture is someone with many interests and creative activity.
It's a board to say.
It could help if it's divided in three parts: multiple and potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a graduate, refined.
During the time of the Renaissance, the ideal was who was okay in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Sheire refers to us as a secret."
They use any term they like or invent one of them.
It seems to me as a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multiplicity as a limitation or an app that you should see.
But what I've learned to talk to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths in being this way.
Here are three multiple supermarkets.
One: ideas of ideas.
I mean, the combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in the intersection.
And Hawai Hindu and Rachel Binofut expressed their interests shared in cartoon, different data, travel, mathematics and design, by founding Muslim.
Museum is a company that creates geographical angertions.
Shanda and Rachel came up with this unique idea for its electricity mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in the intersections.
That's where new ideas.
And multiple, with all their breakthroughs, can access a lot of these intersection points.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When the molecules are interested in something, we go to it.
We look at everything we can have in our hands.
We're wired to be principled, for having been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we have less fear of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area that we pursue -- so we rarely start six.
Norway Donal is a full-time journey and independent desk.
As a pianist girl perfectly perfected an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest known mechanism.
Before becoming a writer, North was financial planner.
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when he started his practice, and this ability helps him write compelling launches for editors conventional.
It rarely is a waste of time to tell you what you would get to you, even if you put it up.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability. I mean, the ability to transform in anything you need in a given situation.
Abed Carlino is sometimes director of videos, other websites, a website of pages in Kickstarters, sometimes mastery, and sometimes apparently, James Bono.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take different roles and depending on the needs of his clients.
The Facebook Come Magazine defines adaptability as the most important ability for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can pollute to satisfy market needs, which will really thrive.
synthesis of ideas, quick learning and adaptation: three skills where the molecules are very adept -- and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their targets.
As a society, we have a great interest to foster the molecules to the molecules themselves.
We have complex problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing because they wanted to be pediatric neuroscientists.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams behave from a specialist and a multi-to-person multi-track.
Space can dive deep and put in practice ideas, and the furniture offers an adaptation of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that are married with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the molecules largely encourage them to just be more like their specialized partners.
Once I said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it's this: recording with the inner wiring -- whatever it is.
If you are a heart specialist, then you specialize for all media.
That's where you will give the best of you.
But for the molecules in the room, including those who just realized being one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I say, record with their many passion.
Keep your curiosity for those rabbits of rabbits ...
They explore the intersections.
Absorbite our inner wiring leads us to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most important, multiple, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In 1901, a woman called Australia took it to a psychiatric in France.
He was defeating and he couldn't remember even the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alexander.
Alaska didn't know how to help Australia, but he would go back to it, until unfortunately, he died in 1967.
After his death, Alabama did a autopological automatic and found strange plates in the brain of Austria, of a guy who had never seen.
It's even more surprising.
If Afghanistan had been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than Alexander gave 111 years ago.
Alaska was Dr. Alexander Alzheimer's.
And August Determina, the first patient to get a diagnosis we now call Alzheimers disease.
Since 1901, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics have been discovered and vaccines to protect us from infections -- many treatments for cancer, antibodies for HIV -- statistics for cartoons and much more.
But little has been progress in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think of this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million worldwide.
But in 2050, affecting 150 million that, by the way, including many of you.
If you expect to live up to the age of 85 or more, the possibility of Alzheimer's contract will be almost one of two of them.
In other words, there is the probability that they spend their years left with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or be loved with Alzheimer's.
In the United States, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today it's the most expensive disease today, and its cost is a five times increase in the year 2050, as the baby generation is older.
They may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the biggest medical challenges and social challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to combat it.
Today, one of the first 10 causes of death around the world -- Alzheimer's the only one that can't be prevented or will even raise their development.
We understand the Alzheimer's less than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in research.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in the cancer research that in Alzheimer's despite the fact that the Alzheimer's more costs and causes an annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should say, Alzheimer's a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, everybody, even scientists confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it will be sensitive to a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy aging brain compared to a patient of Alzheimer's patient to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to despite a severe loss of memory and mental skills, the damage to the cause of Alzheimer's brain, significantly reduces life expectancy and is always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's found plates and strange birds in the brain of Austria a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know a lot about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds up as an origami.
There are places on the paper that are pigmented.
And when it comes right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay in the outside.
This makes the protein molecules paste each other, forming groups that can form large plates and birds.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are a lot of steps, and the identity of what step is to block is complex, like despite a bomb.
Court a wire could do anything.
Court the others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, most of them have reduced the wires and waited the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors -- biologists, genes, chemistry, physicists and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. It's now testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside our lab has seen it yet.
Let's look at a few videos of what happened by testing these drugs in women.
These are the healthy words, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that stick each other within them, as in humans with Alzheimer's disease.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research as this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 114 years of hope, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to sell Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's you.
We need to be aware of Alzheimer's disease, and if we try it, we can see it.
In the case of other diseases, the patients and their families have gotten more research and exercised pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, on scientists and leaders.
That was essential to move into HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk about themselves.
And their families, hidden victims, caregivers of their loved beings day and night, are often too keen to go out and advocate for change.
So it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's is not in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain runs the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like Australia, who cannot create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk about them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times Museum of the New York Times, in January this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience when I tried it myself a night last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: two strange strangers take up to ask 36 more and more personal questions and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple questions of example.
Number two: If you could wake up tomorrow with a quality or ability, what would it be?
Number 28, when was the last time you cried to another person?
And just alone?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personalized.
Number 30, -- this -- I really like -- Tell your partner what I thank you about him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't tell someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited everything from the lab to the ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had a chance of testing this study, with someone I knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in.
However, we fell in, and I thought it was a good story, so he sent it to the modern love of modern love a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's algorithm, so I guess some of you probably wonder, are you still still still?
And the reason I think this is because I've been asked by this question over and over over the last seven months.
And this is exactly what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, he was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been reminded to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog input can come to a few hundred views like much, and those were usually just from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would probably have a few thousand views.
And that cost a good attention burden in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was published online at night, and the Saturday, this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday was already called the Tower Show and the God Montana Government.
In a month, the article got over eight million visit, and I was like, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust by writing with a sense of lovely experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news --  -- and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always asked the same question: still still together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on the mailbox of my email with the phrase, "Are you still going together?
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were of students and journalists and the strange strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
I even gave a talk, and a woman went to the stage, "Hey Mandela where is your night?
And it immediately got me red.
I understand this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international day, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I was not prepared for the research of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have come up with life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complex article for San Valentine, who included the experiences of readers when he tried to test the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both would make a public emergence together.
I collected television interviews, and you put pictures of pictures of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the investigating icon of the training process, a range for which I didn't feel at the absolute grades.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked, or whether it was capable of producing clean love, not just an adventure, but real love, lost love.
But this was a question I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship was just about a few months, and I felt, above all, that people asked the wrong question.
How do we know if we were going to go together or not, and to say it?
If the answer was no, would the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in the same study in 1997, and there the research goal was not to produce romantic love.
Instead of that, I was looking for a foster amount of information between college students, using what Aron called sustained personal openness, progress, recognition.
Sounds romantic sounds, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer after doing it. Several positions were also used by the Price Fragism Process as a quick way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between members of the police and the community, and they've used it between people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which he tried last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a small university of liberal arts college, and then a student approached me and said to myself, "I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed decorated by it.
And I said, do you mean that you fell in love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause of it.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
And I said, "But did they become better friends?
Did you feel that you were able to know better after proving the study.
The assistant.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was looking at a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which I was very much like my whole adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or if I could live without him.
So I went into science.
I looked at everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I expected that that could somehow vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the moment I thought I was just researching for the book that I wrote, but in retrospect, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was brought with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and used to me as I felt then.
And all this knowledge has been useful from one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more related.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see you more clearly, and I can tell you that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than I reasonably can demand myself.
What I look for love is a guarantee -- not just being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to continue to be loved by the person I love.
It may be that this is the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media said about the 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate something from the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because we love it makes us feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that says, still still together?
And his content with an answer of Yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask questions more difficult, questions like, how do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do we stay in love when things compare to it, and how to know when to cut and detect?
How do you live with uncertainty that inevitably makes a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your parent?
I don't necessarily know the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good beginning to have a more reflective conversation about what to love somebody.
So if you want the brief version of the history of my relationship, it is this one, a year ago, a known study and I applied a study designed to create romantic love, we fell in, we still keep together, and I'm very happy.
But moving is not the same thing to remain love.
It's the easy part.
So at the end of my paper, I wrote, "Love didn't happen.
We keep in love because we take the choice to be.
And I'm sorry a little bit about reading it now, not because it's not true, but because at the time, I hadn't considered everything that I knew that choice.
I don't consider how many times we would have both to make that decision, and how many times it will have to keep doing that choice without knowing before he will always choose or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, having chosen to love someone so generous and kind, and have expressed that choice in the largest daily in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think.
And what I look for, and what might happen my life looking for is that that myth is true.
I want the final happy end of the title of my paper, which is, by the way, the only part of the article I actually didn't write about.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to choose someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few legacy in full mountains, and in a way, I got like a forest generod.
The city of New York City is a time ago.  Something that really affected me, but more detail.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I buried a trillion of a dollar, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaces.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has because here I am, 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At a time I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuse and surfing and all those weird things -- and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I took up all the pages and I made a kind of classical classrooms at the Angeles Martin style -- I covered them in resin, and a bee was caught up.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I added more resistance in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, it happened the opposite: somehow it seemed like it was about size, as if it was that you would look at the text with a magnifying glass.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, randomness, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate and tell stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow through it, I can draw the same as it gets around a computer on the scene of crime.
And I took the objects and created my own taxist of invented species.
First, botanical -- that you can do an idea.
Then I made some strange insects and creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resistance layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibition and those things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, going to Syrian.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, strategic size sculptures with human beings in the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I love it.
I didn't know what to do, because the resistance was going to kill me.
And I was going to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the residential.
So I did this for years, and my work cultures with something very large, which I call "the "traffic."
For "the "Transitional "Toystuge I am inspired by the Gabby of Deloinger Chess Delicious Delichers who is a painting at the Prince Museum in Spain.
Do you know that?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of his time.
Well, the "tracker." I'll explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
50 feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 feet of composition.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, it's Jesus and the languages.
There's a cave where all these creatures with animal heads travel between two worlds.
They go from the representative world, to this analog mesh industry where they hide.
This is where creatures with the head of animals are headed to the face, ready to suicide in mass running in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised from thousands of elements.
This is a bird god strapped to a practice.
Billy Graham is in the sea. The Horizon -- the picture of the destroyer -- Waller, the Osama bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, also a kind of a chemistry.
He's coming out of the ocean, and he finds oil in one hand while the other hand comes out clouds.
Their hands are like balls, and it looks like a mythological being that keeps Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's an aspect of the "traffic."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I spit in.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a trip, like a bird pick, and I find clouds of this trick.
It also has a 5,000 feet long, a sea of snake that binds the "traffic."
Anyway, his tail is ready to get on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ends up in a hidden school balloon made of terrorist cards from 1986.
Have you seen them?
The 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorism.
Very ahead of his time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects. One is called "photographers."
It's a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is a archive of our culture, through media and materials are entrepreneurs, dictionaries or magazines, or magazines.
But each acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide up.
And you can walk between them. It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- it's the chest. You can get the input in.
I'm going to be accompanied by the rest of the body, there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or an angle, or whatever it is, a kind of angulation thing.
It's a quick reflection of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers -- you can see.
This is a body in the middle of half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are some pills coming out and enter the head of this strange statue in the head.
There is a little forest scene inside the tropical cavity there.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, like the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Pond Works.
Within this box there is a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a radio, a radio emissions, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We have the box and all of the people in the inside collide with each other as particles.
And I think that's how we change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box you're living in.
And together, we got to realize that we are all together in this, that this illusion that we're different, these concepts of countries, of borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made from the same matter and in the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with sweetness and genetics we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do?
Take a bearing.
But for this pill to be effective against pain, first goes through the stomach, the insects and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and innovative system so that any drug means effect in the body.
The disaster, though, is that when you bring it into any drug that is delivered.
And this is a big problem, especially in HIV patients.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, these serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CO2 cells.
But they are also known by their adverse side effects, in their general negative, because in the time they tend to get to the blood stream, they spread, and worse even for the time they take to their destiny, which is where it's more important, in the HIV warehouse.
These are the regions of the body like the lymph galleries, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is inaccessive, and it doesn't easily enter the blood stream of patients that are attached to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the disruption of treatment, virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of HIV treatment with the current drugs that is an extra life treatment of the world adding.
One day, I sat down, and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the warehouse.
As a scientific expert, the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you use it in orphaust, for the heart of wounds and diabetes surgery, you can be used for anything imagine, including the blood transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or drill extremely small holes, and open up and close almost immediately infected cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best you say, "How is that possible?
We sent a little laser beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microscopes.
Before I even realize it, the hole is replaced immediately.
We're testing this technology in vitro or in Petri plates, but the goal is to take this technology to the human body, apply it to the human body.
"What is that possible? You can ask.
Well, the answer is: through a three-dimensional device.
With the first head, which is our laser -- we'll make an inspiration on the infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is headed to the infection.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly on the infection site, while the laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV in the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied armed armed groups, non-lethal organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
It documents what these groups do when they're not spending.
My goal is to understand better to these generous agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation confrontation.
I work on field work, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in course, because war has changed.
It used to be a state between states.
Not anymore.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-lethal actors.
For example, from the 216 peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011, 1960 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups -- even we need to engage them or defeat them in any successful conflict resolution.
But how do we do that?
We have to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons why they fight, how they do it, but nobody looks at what they do when they don't fight.
And the armed struggle and the policies are not related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Lebocration Lebbon known for his violent face against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Hebol has also established a political party -- a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestinian Palestine known by his suicide attacks against Israel, he also runs the Gaza Fantard since 2007.
So these groups do more than just disappointing.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV stations, web websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the Israeli magazine, printed in English and published to recruit it.
armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising of funds without sacred, but through profitable business -- for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they build hospitals, they put up programs of professional training or microbes.
Hebbre offers all these services and more.
The armed groups are also trying to conquer the population by offering something that the state not bringing, security and protection.
The ascent of the Taliban in an Afghanistan developed by war or even the beginning of the ISIS ascent -- can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has a seemingly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a cow, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory of 2006 is not able to understand the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we only think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, participate in violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and more sophisticated these organizations, we can be able to categorize them as something contrary to a state.
How do you call a group like Holocauch?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all their works, they collect the trash -- they manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a reverse group?
Or maybe it's another thing, something new and different.
And what is IMA?
The lines described.
We live in a world of states, with no state and hybrid nations and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East, more intervene and fill that gap.
This is important for governments, because to counter these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
filling that gap of government has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important also to establish and consider peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to nonviolent violence.
In this new dispute between states and actors and military power, military power can win some battles but not give us peace or stability.
In order to achieve these targets, we need long-term investments to fill that safety vacuum to fill that gap of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a principle.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are very visible, but fear that embracing the "Fishery tape would be unfair for feminists.
I'm a feminist but pretty bad.
And therefore I am adding myself as a bad feminist feedback.
Or at least I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Feynman," and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Mall Fear.
So what started as a personal joke dedicated to myself and a deliberate proposition, has become a little bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was a young man, especially in my youth and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminists, these furry women, angry with men and they hated sex. Like that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women all over the world and anger, in particular, seems like a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that people were using when people were trying to be female.
Being tagged as a feminist was an access, a word taboo and desert.
I was trained as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, and he asks too much automatic and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
No one wants to be that woman revealed, until you realize that it's actually that woman, and you can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I was growing up, I began to accept that I am, in fact, feminist and also proud to be.
For me, certain claims are really, women are equal to men.
We deserve the same floor for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of accelerator or violence.
We have right to use easy way and accessible the contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need for legislative controls or electronics documentation.
We have the right to respect.
There is more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have in account our other identity.
We're not just women.
We're people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have in account these differences and how they affect us, the same way that matters what we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion -- our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There are a lot of things that make me a bad feminist thing.
I have another conference.
When I drive to work, I hear music rap music to all volume.
Although the letter degrades women and offered me deeply, the classic "Sch Shakespeare Saturday Shakespeare is incredible.
Make it reality with your beekeeper tax.
So lose, data, move until you hurt the cockroach."
Think about it.
pure poetry, right?
I'm completely driven by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also killing insects, the garbage picked up and the care of machinery.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazine and beautiful things.
I can see "The Babylon and the Romantic comments, and I have fantastic advantages of the faces that make it happen.
Some of my crime is more scary.
If a woman wants to adopt the passenger of his husband, it's his choice, and I am not the one for judging.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is our society is confused so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose to.
Let's solve this problem.
It rejected the conventional feminist that has ignored or distributed historically the needs of color women, and workers and homosexuals and transgendered women, for horseness and heart and high class.
And listen, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad female.
It also happens this: as a feminist -- I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put female females stuck in a pieces.
We hope that they fit the perfection.
When we get dependent, we take them together with a lot of taste from the same premise where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster -- I think I am drawn from that piece before they try to get me there.
Too women, particularly the innovators and the leaders of the sector, are afraid of being tagged as females.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a female for fear to what that sticker means for fear not to be able to accomplish with little realistic expectations.
Let's take Benjamine, or as I call it, the God.
In the last few years, it's a feedback female.
In the Apple Music Arctics in 2014, at MIT, I was acting in front of the word "Fisherier's word of three.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star star opening up openly the feminist and to know women and young men who will be feminist is something to be proud of.
Last time, cultural critics began to have endless debates if Beijing was or not quite feminist.
They calculated their feminism, instead of just believing the word of a adult and mature woman.
We demanded perfection from the feminist because we're still struggling for a lot, we want a lot, we need so much very much.
We go much beyond the sensible and constructive critic to design the feminist of any woman, destroy it until nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
The bad feminist or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point.
But what happens next?
We were going to be able to recognize our implications to realize, go to action and be a little bit more valuable.
If I hear a degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists are not going to change their way to talk about women in their songs until we remove change affecting their gain.
It's certainly hard.
Why does its music have to be so passionate?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions justify this makes it more difficult for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nephew, three and four years old.
It's two magnificent girls, decide and brilliant, and also very brave -- I want you to grow up in a world.
They are appreciated by the strong creatures they are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best option is used as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program deals with sexual violence against women as sports -- the Tasselon Path.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to the movie in another part when movies don't treat women more than as a decorative objects.
We can stop supporting the professional sports where athletes treat their classmates as a joke sales.
In any case, the men, especially white men, headlines can say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, participate in your project, or work with you, until it doesn't include enough women, both to participate as to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your publication or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are surprised but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until more as we are welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision position.
Because we are not a little bit of lies -- without these efforts, without adopting these positions -- our achievements.
We can make these little acts of courage and hope that our decisions get to the top, people in the direct power and the products of movie and music products and cells, the legislators -- the people who can make big decisions, more courageous, to create a durable and meaningful change.
We can also claim our feminist -- well, bad, or any realm.
The last line of my book "Mail Feynman," he says, "I would prefer to be a bad feminist not to be at all.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, most of all, because I encouraged my voice to be stolen and the feminist helped me to get it.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to address what happened.
A few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me as it was anything.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after everything I didn't dare to believe I could say something that could matter.
But I was writing ...
And I went back to write.
It reminds me in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understood what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminist, I also discovered that if I was a little brave -- another woman could get me and see me and realize that none of us are the nothing that is trying to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist -- I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without leaving everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little brave when you need such a very valuable.
Right after Christmas last year, 132 children in California had been measles for having visited Disney or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then went through the border with Canada, infecting over 100 children in Hull.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a uninformed immune system, it's one of the most unlikely diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century -- but many of the kids involved in the Daniel outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something allegedly worse, autism.
But a moment, was it not the article that gave the policy about autism and descriptions and destroyed and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal.
Don't you think most intelligent scientists that vaccines cause autism is a studio?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines are putting their children into their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of estimates of autism in autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and the pediatrician I heard of talking about it create all their professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed just three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, numbers began to shoot up.
Force organizations like autism replacements like autism Spidermans refer to autism as an epidemic as if it could be contacted from another child in Delawabi.
What's going on?
If you're not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people at the Athletic Disease Center in Atlanta, what's going on, they tend to be based on phrases like "complete diagnostic diagrams and "A better case detection to explain these growing figures.
But that kind of language doesn't spend a lot of the fears of a young mother who seeks in the face of his two-year-old son, the visual context.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow and cartoon progress than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we have to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist Leo Kangane, from the hospital Johns Hopkins -- Janeah published an article that described 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds, not people around them, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving hands in the face of their faces, but they were prey from the panic by minds as when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the base of patients treated in their clinic, Kang speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of his syndrome, while I gather places as far as South Africa.
This is actually not strange, because Kanisa criteria for autism diagnosis were very restricted.
For example, I was able to give that diagnosis to children with conversations, but now we know that epidemic is very common in autism.
Once he was glad that he had turned nine out of 10 children who were sent by other doctors to her consultant for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kangana was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certainty.
They classify autism as a form of child psychology caused by cold and desperate parents.
These kids, he said, have stayed carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that hit certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphonies, before I turned the two years.
When her mother put one of his favorite discussions, he correctly said, "Becko."
But Kang had a bad opinion of these skills, affining things like kids were simply regulating what they had heard of their parents, desperate to earn their approach.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Surprisingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers started testing the theory of Kang that autism was weird.
London Winister, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of Kangandian mothers from Kanzi was pretty stupid.
She and her husband John were warm people and affected, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie.
London and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like Sushivian without support services, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, London and his colleague, Judith Gould decided to do something that should be 30 years earlier.
They did a study of prevalence of autism in the general population.
They painted a suburb of London called Cambridge to try to find autistic children in the community.
What you saw was clear that the Kangan model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and fun.
Some children couldn't talk at all, whereas others were failed in their fascination for astrophysics, in the dinosaurs or the generation of reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit up in beautiful squares and stage, as Juditorian said, and saw a lot of them, much more than the monarch model of Kang would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How did no one ever perceive these kids before?
But then London found a reference to an article published in German in 1945, the next year to the article of Kangana, and then he forgot it, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kang knew about this article of competition, but I avoided sculpture to mention it in his own work.
There was not even an English tradition, but luckily, the London husband spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who ran a clinic integrated with an inner school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The idea of Asperger's ideas for children's learning differences were even progress for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic started with music kinds of exercise, and kids follow their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger's described as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger's called their little teachers, and he was dedicated to help in developing methods of education that were especially suitable for them.
So fundamentally, Asperger's saw autism as a diverse continuum that took an amazing variety of donations and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common and they always have been, looking at this continued in architects known in pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the teacher district.
He was more there, even to say, that for success in science and art, an autism.
London and Judio found that Kang was wrong in which autism was informed, as well as the parents were the causes.
In the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association Association to expand the diagnosis of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autistic "spectrum."
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into the video, suggesting the limited model of Kang by a wide and inclusive Asperger's model.
These changes didn't fall into broken satellite.
Compassion, when London and Judio worked between basics to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I came out "Ray Man in 1988, just a little circle, flipped by experts knew what autism was -- but after the inversed performance of Dutch Mandarin and the recognition of Ray Man with four awards of the Academy -- pediatricians, psychologists, teachers and parents around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little circle of experts to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of "Ray Man the changes in criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnoses began to get up, like London and Judicia, actually hoped that it would be, by making people with autism and their families finally get the support and services that are deserved.
So Andrew Walcufaction came to blame vaccines for the increase in diagnosis. One simple, powerful, and seductive history story as bad as the Kanze theory that autism was informed.
If the current estimate of the prevention center that one in 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, the autistic ones are one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined on the Internet to reject the idea that they are the puzzles for solving by the new medical advances -- by looking at the tricks of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think about terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and it suffers from a deficit of attention to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still moving to Asperger's creating, which creates the cure for the most inconvenient aspects of autism are found in understanding the teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
An autistic woman named Zoseh Zagagues once said, "We need all the hands in covered to drive the ship of humanity.
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to deal with the challenges we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste a brain.
Thank you.
